,QUESTION_TITLE,QUESTION_BODY,ACCEPTED_ANSWER_BODY,QUESTION_FAVORITES,QUESTION_SCORE,QUESTION_VIEWS,ANSWER_SCORE,ANSWER_COMMENT_COUNT,QUESTION_BODY_HAS_CODE,ACCEPTED_ANSWER_BODY_HAS_CODE
0,"Meteor - ""this"" return a function as string in a template event","I set a data field with Iron router containing 2 fields and :  In my template's submit event, I want to get values from my fields, this is what I do:  The problem is , I would like to log my MongoDB object so I can access things like , but instead what is log a string containing my router's source code:  Here is an image of my chrome console: Google console http://img15.hostingpics.net/pics/385623Capture.png",Try calling function: ,,0,17,0,2,1,1
1,Attribute vs constant access in javascript,I'm working on High-performance oriented web components and I doubt if it's worths assign an object attribute's value to a constant before accessing it multiple times. I mean turning this:  Into this:  In Python this change would have a sentitive impact in performance. However the tests I have made (code at https://gist.github.com/Edorka/fbfb0778c859d8f518f0508414d3e6a2) shows no difference:   I doubt if I'm making my tests wrong or if the VM has any optimization for this case I'm not aware of. UPDATE: Following @George Jempty suggestion I made a quick adaptation on JSPerf at https://jsperf.com/attribute-vs-constants but results keep being  quite erratic.,"Nested property access is one of the most frequently executed operation in JavaScript. You can expect it to be heavily optimized. Indeed, the V8 engine caches object properties at run time, so the performance benefit of caching manually would be negligible. Live demo on jsperf.com  Conclusion: don't worry about it!",,1,46,1,0,1,0
2,Programmatic method to let the user modify the manifest.json content of a Chrome extension,"I am developing a Chrome extension for use with the Canvas LMS. A problem with this is that Canvas subscribers have different URLs which do not have a common top level domain. For instance, my University's Canvas site has the URL  while another school might have . But I can't enter  in the   file, since top-level wildcards are not allowed (see this post for elaboration). Instead, I have to enter , and then programmatically (in the  code) weed out sites that don't have ""canvas"" in them.  That works in its own kludgy way, but Chrome Web Store is not very happy about it, which delays my updates by days. One could of course use a narrow/dummy  value and then ask the users to edit the manifest themselves to include the specific URL in used in each respective case, but how likely would they be to do that? Instead I would like the extension to launch a local page that prompts the user to input the specific URL and then edits the  file on that particular machine accordingly. Would that be possible and if so, how?","An installed extension from the web store cannot be modified, its contents is protected and verified by Chrome. Only unpacked local extensions in developer-mode can be modified. Solutions:   Add  (info) in addition to your . This won't help you reduce the review time in the web store, most likely. Remove  section, as well as hosts from  and switch to programmatic injection in a chrome.tabs.onUpdated (info) listener. This requires you to switch to optional permissions (you'll show a button/command in your UI to grant the URL permission) which will help you with the web store review times. There's even a more advanced declarativeContent API (with RequestContentScript action which is actually supported in stable Chrome). ",,0,170,1,5,1,1
3,Problem with numeric_limits,Why this doesn't work?    I'm getting error :Error 1 error C2057: expected constant expression What isn't constant about it? Limits of long int are known at compile time so what's the problem?,The problem is that although  function returns constant value it is called in run-time and you need constant value in compile-time Probably you can just use  value instead (see climits header)?,1.0,5,1140,5,5,1,1
4,Is John Resig's OO JavaScript implementation production safe?,"For a long time I have been throwing around the idea of making my JavaScript more object oriented. I have looked at a few different implementations of this as well but I just cannot decide if it is necessary or not. What I am trying to answer are the following questions  Is John Resig's simple inheritance structure safe to use for production? Is there any way to be able to tell how well it has been tested? Besides Joose what other choices do I have for this purpose? I need one that is easy to use, fast, and robust. It also needs to be compatible with jQuery. ","Huh. It looks much more complicated than it needs to be, to me. Actually looking more closely I really take exception to what it is doing with providing  whilst in a method, to call the superclass method. The code introduces a reliance on  (unreliable for some objects),  (argh, function decomposition is also unreliable), and deciding whether to wrap based on whether you've used the sequence of bytes  in the function body (even if you've only used it in a string. and if you try eg.  it'll fail). And if you're storing properties on your function objects (eg , which you might do to keep namespaces clean) the wrapping will stop you from getting at those properties. And if an exception is thrown in a method and caught in another method of the same object,  will end up pointing at the wrong thing. All this is just to make calling your superclass's method-of-the-same name easier. But I don't think that's especially hard to do in JS anyway. It's too clever for its own good, and in the process making the whole less reliable. (Oh, and  isn't valid in Strict Mode, though that's not really his fault since that occurred after he posted it.) Here's what I'm using for classes at the moment. I don't claim that this is the “best” JS class system, because there are loads of different ways of doing it and a bunch of different features you might want to add or not add. But it's very lightweight and aims at being ‘JavaScriptic’, if that's a word. (It isn't.)  It provides:  protection against accidental missing . The alternative is to silently redirect  to  so missing  works. It's a toss-up which is best; I went for explicit error so that one doesn't get used to writing without  and causing problems on other objects not defined like that. Either way is better than the unacceptable JS default of letting  properties fall onto  and mysteriously going wrong later. an inheritable  method, so you don't have to write a constructor-function that does nothing but call the superclass constructor function.  and that's really all. Here's how you might use it to implement Resig's example:  Superclass-calling is done by specifically naming the method you want and ing it, a bit like in Python. You could add a  member to the constructor function if you wanted to avoid naming  again (so you'd say , or perhaps ).",19.0,24,2136,19,5,0,1
5,CSS Make text over image more readable,"I'm working a few things right now, and this just won't work! Basically what I'm trying to do is put a black opaque ""screen"" over my image so it's not as bright and you can read what the text on top of the image says. Example featured here:  This is what I have currently. ",If I got you correctly then you can just try blurring the photo a little that the text doesn't show up to the user however this approach and your approach aswell may be changed through firebug or any other thing like that and make the text visible to the user so this is somewhat insecure. The best way I think to fix that is to edit the photo and add the overlay maunally so that no one could ever see the original image. So here's how to blur the photo(Cross Browser Image Blur with CSS): ,1.0,3,9805,5,6,1,1
6,drupal search for a specific content type along with its node type for comments,"I have a content type called 'ticket';  its Node type for comments is 'interaction'. I want a search interface which searches through only these two (ticket,interaction) content-types; and output the node-link/title  Also, even though matches are found in interactions, i should be displaying the respective ticket node-link/title. (since interaction are actually the comments for the ticket node) Can anybody please help me achieve this? Thanks!","You should try using the Views module in conjunction with the core search module. You can create a view, filter the content type to ticket, and then add an exposed ""Search: Search Terms"" filter to your view. Of course you could also write a quick custom module and do your own query.",,0,372,0,7,0,0
7,Extract a line with a string with double quote by using findstr,"First of all thank you for this site, I'm a terrible coder and so i need your help with making a batch script, i try to extract only lines that contains Copy "" in that line from a text file by using findstr which actually works without that whitespace and double quote. But it will extract the line with ""Copy and Help"" too which i don't need. Example: My text contains (source.txt)  Output file (op.txt) (should be)  After my original code I tried to usebut this doesn't work. To let the findstr know to search a line containing  Copy[whitespace][double quote] Updated section First off my required batch script is working from help by foxidrive. There is still some tweak to do, but i will post it as another question. This question is answered. This is my updated code for now.  Thanks foxidrive for the start off and solving my first issue. Sorry for my English, it's poor like my coding",A simplistic solution is to use this  Or this is another workaround: ,1.0,1,1205,1,8,1,1
8,"What are the reduceAdd, reduceSum , reduceRemove functions in crossfilter? How should they be used?","Can someone explain in simple terms how reduce function with its arguments , ,  works in ? ","Remember that map reduce reduces a dataset by keys of a particular dimension. For example lets use a crossfilter instance with records:  and dimensions name, age, worth, and gender. We will reduce the gender dimension using the reduce method. First we define the reduceAdd, reduceRemove, and reduceInitial callback methods.  returns an object with the form of the reduced object and the initial values. It takes no parameters.   defines what happens when a record is being 'filtered into' the reduced object for a particular key. The first parameter is a transient instance of the reduced object. The second object is the current record. The method will return the augmented transient reduced object.   does the opposite of  (at least in this example). It takes the same parameters as . It is needed because group reduces are updated as records are filtered and sometimes records need to be removed from a previously computed group reduction.  Invoking the reduce method would look like this:  To take a peek at the reduced values, use the  method. To see the top n values use the  method.  The returned array would (should) look like:  The goals of reducing a dataset is to derive a new dataset by first grouping records by common keys, then reducing a dimension those groupings into a single value for each key. In this case we grouped by gender and reduced the worth dimension of that grouping by adding the values of records that shared the same key. The other reduceX methods are convience methods for the reduce method. For this example  would be the most appropriate replacement.  Invoking  on the returned grouping would (should) look like:   will count records  Invoking  on the returned grouping would (should) look like:  Hope this helps :) Source: https://github.com/square/crossfilter/wiki/API-Reference",33.0,31,13777,55,8,1,1
9,MongoDB update data in nested field,"i'm using Mongo to be my database. i have a data:  now, i wanna to motify user's friends' emails ' email,  whose _id is '123'  i write like this:  it's easy, but , it's wrong , when the emails array has two or more data. so, my question is:  how can i motify  the data in a nested filed --- just have two or more nested array? Thanks.","You need to use the Dot Notation for the arrays. That is, you should replace the  with the zero-based index of the element you're trying to update. For example:  will update the first email of the first friend, and  will update the second email of the first friend.",10.0,55,65476,87,8,1,1
10,Capitalize First letter,"I'm trying to write a code to capitalize a first letter after a period ""."" For example:   The output should be:   Note: only use basic methods String: , , , ,  That means no , no array, no split... etc. Other solutions I found in this site involve those things.  EDIT: thanks so much for the fast replies everyone. Just saw the edit of Robin Krahl. Yeah I forgot to add my code.  My code look exactly like mau's reply. But this code end up with this exception  java.lang.StringIndexOutOfBoundsException: String index out of range  And from here I don't know how to fix that -.-","build a state machine with 2 states and have it scan the characters. start in state 1: switch to state 2 if input is period state 2: switch to state 1 if input is not period and not space state 1: output the input without modification state 2: if input is a character, output capitalized using   Update: Simpler version  Update 2: even simpler version ",,0,498,0,9,1,1
11,Use two different .tff font files in same JComponent,"Is there a way I can use two completley different fonts in the same swing component? I mean like two separate .tff files (processed in any way). Only requirement is that text is editable. I'm open for external libraries too. That would also work. I'd look for them myself, but this is a minor feature and I'd have to go trought API of every single one of them to see if it's there... External libaraies that do super AND subscripting are also welcome, as long as I can control the size and height of the script.","The option is: : has a Document to manage data and Editor kit to read and write text with editing capability even with styling( e.g, with font type and color foreground). You can also implement undo-redo options too.  However to satisfy your question i am writing a small snippets with  to show how it works.    Every Swing Text component is associated with a model known as Document to manage data. What we have done in this code is that, we set different style instances to the  associating with the  component. I have assumed that you know how to add the  to the  and show it. The two different style  and  has different foreground and font family:  and . You can replace them with font-family available in your platform including  and . Remember that these style created by  has parent-child hierarchy relation. The child's style attributes(Foreground, background, font size, font style) will override the parent's attributes.  However Please go through these tutorial article:   Using Text Components And  How to Use Editor Panes and Text Panes ",,0,206,4,9,0,1
12,ajax autocomplete extender is not working,I have an autocompleate extender on textbox which shows records as a list from database but whern I click on texbox and start typing nothing happned. my html code is  And my web service is ,"Try adding this line, i remember i had the same problem once where it worked for me locally but not live. ",1.0,6,14843,4,10,1,1
13,Generate CSV file using PHP Codeigniter Framework,"I want to generate a csv file, using data from a database. How does one do this in PHP CodeIgniter framework?",Take a look at this answer of mine and you will know exactly how you can do it. Reports in Codeigniter You need to use Codeigniter Database Utility Class And need to return query instead of  or ,,-1,25098,1,15,0,1
14,Treating a folder like an array,"Is it possible to treat a folder like an array? So that the first file in it is treated as File 0, the second File 1 etc? Thanks",I guess that you mean this: ,,1,48,3,16,0,1
15,jQuery check if DIV (not window) started scrolling and addClass to another div,"I have my ""html"" setted at overflow hidden (no scrollbar), but I have my contentarea div (where all the content is) that is scrollable and has a scrollbar... What I'm trying to do is if user starts scrolling in the contentarea addClass (jquery) to another div.. if user scroll all the way to the top removeClass... Here is the code I have that was working fine before I made the ""html"" overflow hidden..  I tried to put the contentarea id instead of window.. something like this:  but it still doesn't work... http://jsfiddle.net/erxw5/ Can somebody give me a hand please, I tried everything I can already... Thank you very much"," You can use  instead of .  works but it's unnecessary. You should use  or  instead of , because you need quotes there. window is an object that exists. #contentarea is a string.  ALL MY FIXES TOGETHER: http://jsfiddle.net/mw3H8/1/",,0,284,1,17,1,1
16,HTML drag event does not fire in firefox,"I have a table on which I need to implement draggable header columns. I implemented it using Chrome as my browser, and everything worked fine. When I tested it in Firefox (17.0.1), I noticed that the  event doesn't fire.  does, though.  I simplified the problem in the markup below. When loaded in Chrome, the top label updates each time the mouse moves while dragging. In Firefox it remains 0. ","The bit that has been cut out http://pastebin.com/bD2g3SqL EDIT: This does work, however I'm yet to find a way to access the offsetX and offsetY properties, for some reason FF version of the event does not contain them.  Apparently, what you need to do is to ""initialize"" the drag (source.) EDIT2: Apparently, there's a bug in the drag event (go figure) which does not update the clientX and clientY properties (source.) They are updated on some other events, like the dragover event, however that event will fire only while the object is being dragged over a plausible drop target. A way out of such a silly situation would be something as crude as this: ",,9,7056,5,7,1,1
17,Where do I write MySQL trigger,I didn't write any trigger for my works. Now i want to know how to write trigger and where do I write it. Is it possible to write trigger as SQL query in phpmyadmin. Please help me to write a simple trigger... I tried like below  Thanks in advance Nisanth ,"In phpMyAdmin you can create the trigger in the SQL window.  You may have to set the delimieter to something like ""$$"" instead of the default "";"". You can change this easily from the bottom of the SQL window. Delimiter in phpMyAdmin http://img52.imageshack.us/img52/9144/phpmyadmin.jpg In addition, make sure you close your trigger block with the  command, which is missing from your example.",,2,1852,2,5,1,1
18,Displaying exception debug information to users,"I'm currently working on adding exceptions and exception handling to my OSS application. Exceptions have been the general idea from the start, but I wanted to find a good exception framework and in all honesty, understand C++ exception handling conventions and idioms a bit better before starting to use them. I have a lot of experience with C#/.Net, Python and other languages that use exceptions. I'm no stranger to the idea (but far from a master).  In C# and Python, when an unhandled exception occurs, the user gets a nice stack trace and in general a lot of very useful priceless debugging information. If you're working on an OSS application, having users paste that info into issue reports is... well let's just say I'm finding it difficult to live without that. For this C++ project, I get ""The application crashed"", or from more informed users, ""I did X, Y and Z, and then it crashed"". But I want that debugging information too! I've already (and with great difficulty) made my peace with the fact that I'll never see a cross-platform and cross-compiler way of getting a C++ exception stack trace, but I know I can get the function name and other relevant information. And now I want that for my unhandled exceptions. I'm using boost::exception, and they have this very nice diagnostic_information thingamajig that can print out the (unmangled) function name, file, line and most importantly, other exception specific information the programmer added to that exception. Naturally, I'll be handling exceptions inside the code whenever I can, but I'm not that naive to think I won't let a couple slip through (unintentionally, of course). So what I want to do is wrap my main entry point inside a  block with a  that creates a special dialog that informs the user that an error has occurred in the application, with more detailed information presented when the user clicks ""More"" or ""Debug info"" or whatever. This would contain the string from diagnostic_information. I could then instruct the users to paste this information into issue reports.  But a nagging gut feeling is telling me that wrapping everything in a try block is a really bad idea. Is what I'm about to do stupid? If it is (and even if it's not), what's a better way to achieve what I want?","Wrapping all your code in one  block is a-ok. It won't slow down the execution of anything inside it, for example. In fact, all my programs have (code similar to) this framework: ",10.0,6,5879,3,5,1,1
19,Why is there no IArray(T) interface in .NET?,"Update 2011-Jan-06: Believe it or not, I went ahead and incorporated this interface into an open source library I've started, Tao.NET. I wrote a blog post explaining this library's  interface, which not only addresses the issues I originally raised in this question (a year ago?!) but also provides a covariant indexed interface, something that's sorely lacking (in my opinion) in the BCL.  Question (in short): I asked why .NET has , which implements  and therefore provides methods to modify the list (, , etc.), but doesn't offer any in-between interface such as  to provide random access by index without any list modification.  EDIT 2010-Jan-21 2:22 PM EST: In a comment to Jon Skeet's original answer (in which he questioned how often one would have any need for a contract such as ), I mentioned that the  and  properties of the  class are  and , respectively, to which Jon replied:  But in this case it's declared to be   IList and you know to just use the   indexers. . . . It's not hugely   elegant, I agree - but it doesn't   actually cause me any pain.  This is reasonable, but I would respond by saying that it doesn't cause you any pain because you just know you can't do it. But the reason you know isn't that it's clear from the code; it's that you have experience with the  class. Visual Studio isn't going to give me any warnings if I do this:  It's legal, according to . But we all know, it's going to cause an exception. Guillaume made an apt point as well:  Well, the interfaces aren't perfect   but a dev can check the IsReadOnly   property before calling   Add/Remove/Set...  Again, this is reasonable, BUT: does this not strike you as a bit circuitous? Suppose I defined an interface as follows:  Now, suppose as well that I made it a common practice to implement this interface, but only for its  method; in many cases, I would opt to set  to  and throw a  on ... Then I might have some code that looked like this:  Am I crazy, or is this kind of defeating the purpose of an interface called ?  Original Post I find it very peculiar that in .NET, when I am designing a class with a collection property that provides random access by index (or a method that returns an indexed collection, etc.), but should not or cannot be modified by adding/removing items, and if I want to ""do the right thing"" OOP-wise and provide an interface so that I can change the internal implementation without breaking the API, I have to go with . The standard approach, it seems, is to go with some implementation of  that explicitly defines the methods , , etc. -- typically by doing something like:  But I kind of hate this. If another developer is using my class, and my class has a property of type , and the whole idea of an interface is: ""these are some available properties and methods"", why should I throw a  (or whatever the case may be) when he/she tries to do something that, according to the interface, should be completely legal? I feel like implementing an interface and explicitly defining some of its members is like opening a restaurant and putting some items on the menu -- perhaps in some obscure, easy-to-miss part of the menu, but on the menu nonetheless -- that are simply never available. It seems there ought to be something like an  interface that provides very basic random access by index, but no adding/removing, like the following:  And then  could implement  and  and add its ,  and  methods. Of course, I could always just write this interface and use it myself, but that doesn't help with all the pre-existing .NET classes that don't implement it. (And yes, I know I could write a wrapper that takes any  and spits out an , but ... seriously?) Does anyone have any insight into why the interfaces in  were designed this way? Am I missing something? Is there a compelling argument against what I'm saying about my issues with the approach of explicitly defining members of ? I'm not trying to sound cocky, as if I know better than the people who designed the .NET classes and interfaces; it just doesn't make sense to me. But I'm ready to acknowledge there's plenty I probably haven't taken into consideration.","Design questions are not always black and white. One side is exact interfaces for each situation, which makes the whole process of actually implementing interfaces a real pain.  The other is few(er) multi-purpose interfaces which aren't always fully supported by the implementor but make many things easier, such as passing instances around which are similar but would not get the same interfaces assigned in the ""exact interface"" design. So the BCL designers chose to go the second way. Sometimes I also wish that interfaces were a little less multi-purpose, especially for the collections and with the C#4 interface co-/contravariance features (which cannot be applied to most collection interfaces escept for IEnumerable<> because they contain both co- as well as contravariant parts). Also, it's a shame that the base classes such as string and the primitive types do not support some interfaces such as ICharStream (for strings, which could be used for regex etc. to allow using other sources than  instances for pattern matching) or IArithmetic for numeric primitives, so that generic math would be possible. But I guess that all frameworks have some weak points.",2.0,15,3091,5,5,1,1
20,Starting a process and listening for exit event,"I have some code that starts a process and hooks up an event handler to handle when the process exits, the code I have is written in C# and I wonder if something similar is possible with Delphi.  I don't know much about Delphi so any help would be appreciated, thanks.","Yes, you can do something similar with Delphi.  I have not seen using an event handler, but you can create a process, wait for it to finish, and then do something when that happens.  Put it in another thread if you want to do something in the meantime. Here is some code for creating a process and waiting that I scraped off the net: ",5.0,5,3748,9,5,1,1
21,Dynamically create in PHP a drop-down list from a range of numbers *with increments*,I need to dynamically create in PHP a drop-down list of numerical choices like so:  I would like to only specify the starting and ending numbers. Thanks for any help., The  function can handle all of the situations you described in the comment.   ,1.0,4,9721,14,5,1,1
22,Difference between fflush and fsync,"I thought  does  internally, so using  on a stream is OK. But I am getting an unexpected result when executed under network I/O. My code snippet:  But it seems  is not flushing the data (I tried on Windows and the data was written on a Linux exported filesystem). When I changed the code to be:  it flushes the data. I am wondering if  does the same thing as . Any inputs?"," works on , it just flushes the internal buffers in the  of your application  out to the OS.  works on a lower level, it tells the OS to flush its buffers to the physical media. OSs heavily cache data you write to a file. If the OS enforced every write to hit the drive, things would be very slow.  (among other things) allows you to control when the data should hit the drive. Furthermore, fsync/commit works on a file descriptor. It has no knowledge of a  and can't flush its buffers.  lives in your application, file descriptors live in the OS kernel, typically.",29.0,58,43759,85,5,1,1
23,Objective-C: navigationController pushViewController & NIBs,"I have some issues with pushViewController. Essentially so far I have a class (UIViewController) that is essentially a UITableView (i have delegates for UITable) and it shows the UITable fine. Now I want this to be a hierarchical table that goes down to another controller... Problem is, prior to me making this change, the NIB file because of its structure has a file owner and its a second tab item (so there is no UIApplicationDelegate in the current controller but there is for the App). I have a window with a view and a UITable underneath that. So my first controller is:  } I believe I am meant to change this to be a navcontroller or something, to be able to push a view controller with a navbar on top that links backwards? How do I go about doing this?  Thanks","Your initial view controller will be a  instead of your current table view controller.  You then push your table view controllers onto this navigation controller. The navigation controller takes care of the navigation bar, so you can remove that from your PostsViewController. Your PostsViewController will know when it has been added to a UINavigationController; its  property will be set.  You use this property to access your current view controller for pushing and popping other view controllers.",1.0,1,3954,1,6,1,1
24,SQL - XOR based on referencing table,"Say for example, I have the following two tables:  Each row in TableA has one or more rows in TableB referencing it (using the TableA_id foreign key). My query lists rows in TableA to display to the user. OptionString can be one of two values - let's say ""Option1"" and ""Option2"". Now I want the query to still list rows in TableA, but I want to provide the user with a filter to say ""only display rows in TableA where the OptionString has either ""Option1"" OR ""Option2""  (ie. exclusive or). I've tried using COUNT, but the problem is that a zero count displays no results (not '0' as I would want). I'm sure I must be missing something simple with this. Any help would be greatly appreciated. Cheers, Dan.","Try this, if I understand your question correctly  Revised query based on new information  What I am doing here is forcing distinct values from tableB",,1,1396,3,6,1,1
25,How to implement a read-only member variable in PHP?,"When trying to change it,throw an exception.","I suppose a solution, for class properties, would be to :  not define a property with the name that interests you use the magic  method to access that property, using the ""fake"" name define the  method so it throws an exception when trying to set that property. See Overloading, for more informations on magic methods.  For variables, I don't think it's possible to have a read-only variable for which PHP will throw an exception when you're trying to write to it.  For instance, consider this little class :  Instanciating the class and trying to read the property :  Will get you the expected output :  While trying to write to the property :  Will get you an Exception : ",4.0,11,16114,23,6,0,1
26,Integrating Clojure into an existing Java project?,"How can I take a large existing Java project and start to add Clojure modules?  For example, in the code below, I'd like to make the following functions available in Java: state?, zip?, state-list, zipcode-list.  The two predicates will return a boolean, but the ""getters"" will return arrays.  (def *states* (list ""NJ"" ""NY"" ""CA"")) (def *zipcodes*  (list 12345 54343 98765))  (defn member [x sq]   (if (seq sq)     (if (= x (first sq))       sq       (recur x (rest sq)))))  (defn state? [aState]   (not (= (member aState *states*) nil)))  (defn zip? [aZip]   (not (= (member aZip *zipcodes*) nil)))  (defn state-list []   *states*)  (defn zipcode-list []   *zipcodes*) ;; --------------- (state? ""AA"") (state? ""CA"") (zip? 11111) (zip? 12345) ","I would compile it using leiningen then add the jar file to my java project as a build dep. Here is a great video on using leiningen.  then you would call it directly from java. Leiningen has an uberjar option that bulds in clojure and all your clojure dependencies so you only have to worry about one file. I like this because its less work.  A more java friendly approach would be to add an ant task to build it along with the java project its just a little more work   for the functions that need to return proper java arrays call  on them contrary to many of the top ""calling clojure from java"" hits you should not need to call the clojure runtime RT.  PS: my favorite tag line ""I would like to use a java library called clojure"" I asked Rich he said this was cool ;)",3.0,13,3935,11,7,0,1
27,"Convert all first letter to upper case, rest lower for each word","I have a string of text (about 5-6 words mostly) that I need to convert. Currently the text looks like:  I want to convert it to:  I can loop through my collection of strings, but not sure how to go about performing this text modification.",,22.0,110,129466,251,7,1,1
28,Kafka Connect Api - Getting Started?,"I would like to understand the development life-cycle for Kafka connect modules. Following http://kafka.apache.org/090/documentation.html#connect, I would like to write a custom Kafka connect module using the ""connect api"" but I dont know where to start. Are there any minimal examples of how to do this? Project setup etc?  Incidentally I built this one https://github.com/confluentinc/kafka-connect-jdbc and tried to run it (on google cloud) but i find errors - clearly a missing dependency but I dont know what to add. Of course it might be that this is only supposed to run on confluent platform. If it could run elsewhere then great. But if it cant, I would like to know how to build one from scratch hence my question. ","The most common cause of this kind of errors is the configuration of your CLASSPATH. For Kafka Connect to find your classes on runtime you need to include them on your classpath. The following text is taken directly from the documentation of Kafka connect :  All that is required to install a new plugin is to place it in the CLASSPATH of the Kafka Connect process. All the scripts for running Kafka Connect will use the CLASSPATH environment variable if it is set when they are invoked, making it easy to run with additional connector plugins:  And how to do it:  I have also written a how to guide for Kafka Connect that you might find helpful.",2.0,2,9624,2,5,1,1
29,python - write formated file without fixed number of variables to print,"I have these lines of code that create a list (with different amount of variables in it), and want to put them in an outfile. The thing is in   I don't know exactly how to write the format since the output varies in number. Is there anyway of putting an output with different number of columns? *I looked at this: Increasing variables and numbers by one each time (python) ... but in my case they don't increase one-by-one. Also, can I print a list without the parenthesis?  The code is like this:  (# In this case I am creating a ""cube"" -matrix- of 3x3x3)   using print it gives me this (which is correct):   I want the outfile to have in the first column the number of the cube, and the following columns -from lower to higher- the neighbors; like this: ","Your question isn't quite clear to me, but I believe you want to print the variable  followed by its neighbors in sorted order.  If so, this code snippet illustrates how to do that:  Which results in this output:  5 2 4 10 12 ",,0,139,1,3,1,1
30,How to send data in body and queryparam by prototype.js?,"My Service (RESTful JAX-RS) is receiving values like the following.  From the Ajax call I have to pass values to that service. To my scenario, I have tried like the below. It is not working to me.  I dont know how to pass values via body as well as queryparameter in Prototype.js. Any help is much appreciated. Regards, ArunRaj","When your request method is post, any parameters you set in the request will be sent in the body of the request. It is possible to also manually build in some querystring parameters in the URL you send to, although this is strictly not a correct way to send a POST (i.e. with a sidecar GET contained within it).  That's going to result in a set of POST variables [foo, bar, baz] being populated in the body of the request.  That may, depending on the laxity of your server, result in the same POST along with a set of GET variables [boo, blarg] being populated by the querystring. On a PHP server, these are collated into the REQUEST global object, with same-name GET variables being overwritten by their POST equivalents, so you don't have to interrogate both sets of form data separately.",,0,552,2,3,1,1
31,Yodlee CoreExceptionFaultMessage,"On a 30 trial from Yodlee and after compiling and running sampleapp (soap)  I have setup the property file with my credential and using the console tool:  ./yconsole.sh when trying to login or register a user, i get a message followed by exception:   CoreExceptionFaultMessage if you are familiar with the platform, do you think this bug is in the app or on the server side ,  any work around ?",This error comes when you are not using the right Cobrand with the right SOAP server. So you will have to change either the SOAP URL or the cobrand credentials.,,0,558,2,3,1,0
32,Documentation on how to integrate with “Reading view” in Internet Explorer 11,How does Reading view in Internet Explorer 11 work? The only developer documentation I could find was pretty useless.,"Documentation for Reading View can be found on IE's Test Drive In the link, you will find more specific guidance on what Reading View looks for during extraction to determine article title, date, author, publisher, images, caption, and copyright. Below is an example I copy and pasted from the test drive Date Reading View will render the publisher and date information together on the same line, with additional styling to highlight this information. The article's publishing date will render exactly as it appears in the string. Reading View does not convert to a specific date format. How Reading View Works Once a Web site is determined to be reading view eligible, reading view uses a number of heuristics to identify and then extract relevant content from the page, to create a new page (in memory). The algorithm was developed using a sample of the web to help ensure we had the largest coverage and accuracy as possible. These heuristics look at HTML tags, node depth, image size, and word count to determine what content on the page is the “main” content.",3.0,6,1142,2,3,0,0
33,Calling pthread_mutex_init atomically,"If shared access to the code inside some library, among multiple threads is protected by global mutex and when the mutex is being acquired first time we need to call pthread_mutex_init but if multiple thread tries to call library function same time then we need to make sure pthread_mutex_init gets called by only one thread and once. How can we achieve this ? Library constructors/destructor is one solution but library must support all compilers/platforms. We can use counter and use atomic inc/dec but atomic ++/-- operations on every lock/unlock are expensive. I am looking for any other way. All comments will be appreciated. ",You have two good choices:  Statically initialize the mutex using . Use  and a statically initalized  to ensure the mutex is initialized once. ,,0,263,3,3,0,1
34,reading a string from input file SAS,"I am new to SAS, for my homework I need to read this file: http://www.math.tau.ac.il/~liadshek/Books.txt I am trying the following:  But the author field is not read properly, generating the following error:  I tried adding DSD to my command, as suggested in these links: http://www.ats.ucla.edu/stat/sas/faq/readdsd2.htm http://www.ats.ucla.edu/stat/sas/faq/InfileOptions_ut.htm But that doesn't seem to help (all fields are not read properly when I do that...). What am I doing wrong? Thanks and sorry for the dumb question. Edit - My solution: ","Without completely answering the question for you, since you've said this is homework, you need to find a way to tell SAS that 'author' is a character variable. If you don't tell it otherwise, it will assume that all variables are supposed to be numeric and will throw errors accordingly.",1.0,1,100,4,3,1,0
35,How to find the first free key in an array,"We all know that arrays are actually ordered trees in PHP. Given that, an array index (integer key) need not be in any strict order or even exist at all. So, given an array like:  How can we determine the lowest (non negative) integer of the first empty key, without re-indexing the array? In this case it would be .",Easy solution by  loop:  Output: ,,1,1367,5,3,1,1
36,Cannot overload functions distinguished by return type alone,"I am reading ""Effective C++"" and trying to compile this example from rule 3:  This must describe how to prevent code duplication; to not write the same code to return a non-const result. I am using VS2012. However I am getting an error. I heard heard that overloaded functions cannot have different return types, but after seeing this I don't know what to think.","I think the book says  not  cv-qualifiers are part of a function's signature, return types are not.",,3,5980,6,3,1,1
37,How to enter private key password with ansible,"I have the vagrant  running. I can  into it using  then it ask me the pass phrase for the private key , which I can enter and then it logs me in. but if I use:  then I get this:  How can I enter pass phrase in ansible? I tried  but it says authentication failed.","Try using  as the transport. Generally, Ansible uses  which is not as friendly for interactive sessions:  If that doesn't work, I didn't see anything on running Ansible with an ssh key pass phrase on the documentation or in the code, so you might have to remove it with something like this: ",,8,8455,8,3,1,1
38,Node - Sockect io with: php or jquery to search into text file?,"I have a setup with node and socket io to send a dymanic time (HH:MM:SS) to my index.php file that is served by apache. So far im able to see the time properly running on the php file.  Now  what im trying to achive is to search dynamicly inside a text file for the text just after a time marker (that would be the time received through socket io) and print it, by example: Time received: 00:05:00, my text file look like:  <00:00:00> Helo World <00:05:00> Welcome to my presentation <00:10:00> Now is time for a coffe So when the time received is 00:10:00 i can display the text that follow. I will really appreciate any advice about the best approach to do this.  Regards","If you're trying to do a search through a text file, if I understand the problem correctly, you should be doing it on the server, not on the client. It sounds like you should do the timestamp and file processing on the server, and send the content to the client after. So your flow would be something like this:  1) Get timestamp on server 2) Find text from file (using fs module) 3) Send text to client via socket.io To search through a file you can use the file system module that is a part of NodeJS's core. Let me know if this helps",,0,60,0,4,0,0
39,How do I vertically align my text with the button?,I built an HTML banner ad and would like to vertically align the text with the button. See in my example how the text is aligned to the top of the button? I'd like to align it in the exact middle. http://jsfiddle.net/3PTtv/62/ ,"You could change the display type of the wrapper  elements to  and align them vertically at the middle by . Here you go:  Working Demo Note that there's a white space between inline(-block) elements. I've fixed that by removing the space characters and tabs between those two HTML elements. In addition, there's a 5px gap underneath the image. That's because the image (inline element) is aligned in its baseline by default (It belongs to the line height reserved characters). You can remove the gap by aligning the image vertically as follows:  Updated Demo.",,1,94,1,4,1,1
40,Why does MIDI sequencer fail to play second time on Windows 10,"For years I've been using the high-level MIDI interface in Windows to play MIDI files as background music in my games.  Now I've heard from several folks that have upgraded to Windows 10 that the background music will play the FIRST time (after starting the program), but once it finishes, it fails to start up again (or start the next MIDI file playing). I don't have a Windows 10 installation myself yet, but I've put together a couple of debug programs, and the second time the program tries to start a MIDI file playing, this call in PlayMusic():  returns a value of 343 (MCIERR_SEQ_NOMIDIPRESENT).  Yet if the program is exited and started up again, then the background MIDI can be made to play again. I have two functions: PlayMusic(char *fname) and StopMusic() that start and stop a MIDI file playing, along with a global variable MusicPlaying that keeps track of whether a music file is currently playing or not.  Then, the main window handler handles the MM_MCINOTIFY message, and when MCI_NOTIFY_SUCCESSFUL is received, it queues a notification to my main code that the music finished, and that main code will then eventually make another call (if it wants to) to PlayMusic() to start a file playing again.  Here's the code blocks (MusicPlaying is the global variable that knows whether a MIDI file is active or not):  and in the main window message processor, when the MIDI file finishes playing:  The normal sequence of events would be:  If something causes the main game code to stop the music prematurely, then it would call StopMusic() which would:  NOTE: (See the line ""**** SEE 'NOTE'..."" in MM_MCINOTIFY above)  As part of debugging this, I inserted a MessageBox call at this point to display what notifications were being received.  The user with Win 10 saw the exact same messages as I do with earlier versions of Windows: wParam=1 and lParam=1 when SUCCESSFUL happens, wParam=4 and lParam=1 when ABORTED happens. But here's the kicker: with that MessageBox happening at that point, then when the user clicked OK on the MessageBox, the MIDI file restarted just fine!  My first thought was that it was the time delay of the MessageBox appearing and being clicked away that gave the MIDI system time to 'reset'. But a further test, inserting code to delay by 2 seconds the queue-ing of the ""MUSIC_DONE"" message to my main code had NO effect on the problem. So it seems that it's probably something to do with the context switch from my main window to the MessageBox window and back rather than any time delay. I found one web page that talks about changes that happened to the MIDI system on Windows 8, and that might have SOMETHING to do with it, except my MIDI playing code seems to have no trouble playing the first file, it just refuses to play any subsequent ones.  That page is at: http://coolsoft.altervista.org/en/blog/2013/03/what-happened-midi-mapper-windows-8 I've also heard a report that another game program from another developer is having the same problem: it will play background music once, and then the MIDI system seems to burp. So, the BIG QUESTION: Does anyone have any idea what needs to be done to get Windows 10 to smoothly play sequential MIDI files?","First, I highly encourage you to get a Win 10 system to debug, even if it is in a VM. Since Win 10 is a free upgrade, this should not be a problem. When you call mciSendCommand(..., MCI_CLOSE, ...) please specify MCI_WAIT in the third parameter. 0 is not valid here. Perhaps on Win 10 this causes your code not to wait until the Close is finished. ",,0,402,0,7,1,0
41,How can i find the path helper from specific route i have,I have a specific path helper that works perfectly in rails 2.3 but throws error on rails 3.1. Here is the path helper.  When i use this in rails 3.1 it gives me error saying  when i run rake routes This is whati get   can anyone suggest what could be going wrong here. below are the content of routes file ,As your resource name is :return instead of :returns that Rails decided to add the _index to any collection nested underneath. This change has been done from rails 3 onwards. So the new rails 3 route should be:  If you want to avoid the  then either you can use  or you can make it .,,0,39,2,7,1,1
42,Loop over multiple .csv files python/pandas,"I have two folders that contain +50 .csv files, I want to process al those files in my python code with pandas. At the beginning of my code I load two different .csv files:   In the middle I do all kind of different operations to structure the data etc. At the end I save both .csv files to a new .csv file:   Since I have two folders, one containts the task.csv files and the other the resource.csv files how can I edit my code in such a way I can loop over all those files? And save them under their original name?  Hope you can help me out! ",Create a list of files in each folder and then zip through both of them. ,,0,925,0,8,1,1
43,CI update_batch; Concatenate and increment variable and string as array value,"Using CI , I am unable to set a value where I increment an integer db value.  This works successfully with CI , but batch is the better option as there are multiple updates. I have columns that all have the same characters at the end of the name, with different characters at the beginning (different years):  2014x , 2015x , 2016x , etc. So I have created a  that identifies the year, then I add the string  via concatenation.  Finally, the value setting in the array is to increment by 1 so I add +1 .  This concatenation works fine in the keys - that is to say I am updating the correct column and fields.    In the above case, the fields are updated with the value of only  - the year that has been defined. I have also tried the following:  How can I use  to increment my field by ? As an example, this code works successfully: ","You can not do this via update_batch. In the document https://ellislab.com/codeigniter/user-guide/database/active_record.html, its said like this:  Note: All values are escaped automatically producing safer queries.  how about just repeat db->set? e.g. ",,3,609,2,8,1,1
44,"LD_PRELOAD can not intercept syscalls, but only libcalls?","My code works well with , but not with . The code is below: main.c  preload.c  to compile it  to run it with   to run it with strace   the printout from  does not hook calls to , but only calls to . Meanwhile, when running with , the printout does show  is called multiple times. This result baffles me; assuming  is indeed called by  (I guess through ), how come  can not intercept ? PS: My platform is Ubuntu 14.04 with Linux kernel 3.13 PS2: By syscall, I mean the syscall wrapper in libc (not sure if this makes a difference to the question though)..","mmap is a syscall, malloc is not. Since syscalls are essential for the functioning of a program, they must work before ld.so actually springs into action, they are reside in a section that gets loaded before everything else; it may be linked dynamically, but that mapping (of that particular ""virtual"" dynamic object) is done by the kernel itself. Looong before ld.so actually gets to work.",1.0,3,2486,4,9,1,0
45,Reference to reassigned variable,"Say I have a this code:  Does ref still reference the a? Regardless of how many assignments happen? That is, the assignment operator would never cause a memory location change, right?",Yes it does so. Actually after the last line  will point to whatever a points to. Whatever you do to the reference is also done to the original object. So all you do is defining an alternative name for the same variable. There are few things you need to remember i) references are different from pointers ii) pointer may be undefined /null but reference should always be associated with a variable. iii) pointer may be able to point to different variable at different time; reference always associated with the same variable throughout it's life. Check this question,0.0,1,77,2,11,1,1
46,Declaring variable using var after assignment to the variable, Possible Duplicate: is there any Advantage of redeclaring javascript variables?   Why does the following code display 1 rather than undefined: ,"1)  does not redeclare or delete a variable 2) even if it did, your code gets rewritten* using javascript hoisting rules (any variable or function declaration gets moved to the top of the nearest enclosing function) as follows:  (*effectively rewritten; see RobG's comments and links on entering of execution contexts for clarification)",,3,117,9,6,1,1
47,Variadic expansion of using-declaration," Possible Duplicate: using declaration in variadic template   I recently came across a generic mechanism for combining two function objects to form a new function object that behaves as if the first two were overloaded:  I am trying to extend this idea to work for N function objects, using variadic templates:  However, GCC complains about my attempt to do variadic expansion on the using-declaration:  I've tried some variations, such as:  and  but neither do the trick.  Is it possible to do this?","Instead of “I recently came across a generic mechanism”, please provide references such as “I recently came across a blog posting by Dave Abrahams describing a generic mechanism”…. I doubt that parameter pack expansion is supported for  statement, and I’m sorry I don’t have the time to check the standard – that’s again your job, to read the documentation before asking the question. But as a practical matter of solving the problem at hand (rather than the language question), you can always code this up recursively instead of using direct expansion. Just inherit from a class that brings in the rest of the functors, then bring in the first one. Where “the rest” is the recursive step, terminating at an empty list of functors as base case.",,5,1024,-5,6,1,1
48,Build failing while adding background music to app,I have two problems. 1- I am using following code to add background music in my iphone app.  By running this code i am getting build failed.Undefined symbols for architecture i386:  My second problem.. Suppose I have to turn this music off in another  with a button. How can I do that. E.G .  Best Regards,"This is a linker error, you have to link against the AVFoundation framework. To stop the playback from another class/instance/wherever you want, you can have multiple solutions: One. Declare a property on the class you want to stop the playback from, and set that property to the original view controller. Then access that view controller using the property and call a method on it to stop the music. Two. In some central class, such as your app delegate or main view controller, add an NSNotificationCenter-observer and simply use notifications throughout your app without messing with properties.",,0,316,2,7,1,0
49,ViewExpiredException not thrown on ajax request if JSF page is protected by j_security_check,"I have a JSF page which is not protected by . I perform the following steps:  Open the JSF page in a browser.  Restart the server.   Click a command button on the JSF page to initiate an ajax call.     Firebug shows that a  is raised, as expected.   Post:  Response:   However, once I configure the page to be protected by  and perform the same steps listed above, strangely (to me) the  is no longer raised. Instead, the reponse is just a new view state.   Post:  Response:   Can someone help me figure this out?  I expect it to raise an exception so I can process that exception and show an error page. Now it just responds with a new ViewState, my page just got stuck without any visual feedback.","I was able to reproduce your problem. What is happening here is that the container invokes a  to the login page as specified in security constraint. However, if the login page is by itself a JSF page as well, then the  will be invoked as well on the forwarded request. As the request is a forward, this will simply create a new view on the forwarded resource (the login page). However, as it's an ajax request and there's no  information (the whole POST request is basically discarded during the security check forward), only the view state will be returned. Note that if the login page were not a JSF page (e.g. JSP or plain HTML), then the ajax request would have returned the whole HTML output of the page as ajax response which is unparseable by JSF ajax and interpreted as ""empty"" response. It is, unfortunately, working ""as designed"". I suspect that there's some oversight in the JSF spec as to security constraint checks on ajax requests. The cause is after all understandable and fortunately easy to solve. Only, you actually don't want to show an error page here, but instead just the login page in its entirety, exactly as would happen during a non-ajax request. You just have to check if the current request is an ajax request and is been forwarded to the login page, then you need to send a special ""redirect"" ajax response so that the whole view will be changed. You can achieve this with a  as follows:   Update this solution is since OmniFaces 1.2 been built into the . So if you happen to use OmniFaces already, then this problem is fully transparently solved and you don't need a custom  for this.",5.0,6,8347,10,7,1,1
50,iOS 6 UITabBarController supported orientation with current UINavigation controller,"I have an iPhone app I am updating to iOS 6 that is having rotation issues. I have a  with 16 . Most of the subviews can work in portrait or landscape but some of them are portrait only. With iOS 6 things are rotating when they shouldn't. I tried subclassing the tabBarController to return the  of the current navigationController's selected viewController:  This got me closer. The view controller won't rotate out of position when visible, but if I am in landscape and switch tabs the new tab will be in landscape even if it isn't supported. Ideally the app will only be in the supported orienation of the current visible view controller. Any ideas?","Subclass your  overriding these methods:  Subclass your  overriding these methods:  Then implement these methods in your viewControllers that you do not want to rotate:  And for viewControllers that you do want to rotate:  Your tabbarController should be added as the RootviewController of the app window. If you plan to support the default orientations, all but upsidedown is default for iPhone, then you do not need to do anything else. If you want to support upside-down or if you do not want to support another of the orientations, then you need to set the appropriate values in app delegate and/or info.plist.",23.0,17,16838,58,7,1,1
51,How to get table cell value with javascript by attribute,,"If by ""cell value"" you're just looking to get the text inside the  then you could do something like : HTML:  jQuery:  You can use jQuery's  method to get the value within the given element. EDIT: Saw you needed to get only the s where they contain checkboxes that are checked, so this may work for you:  Find all the  that contain an input that is checked, then get the text of the that elements parent.  EXAMPLE  UPDATED EXAMPLE EDIT: your function should be: ",,0,4028,3,10,1,1
52,How do I access a string from a class,"how would I access the entered value ""Username"" from another class? inside the package I'm having trouble coding that. Should I declare some variable public? I declared the Username public, but I get errors this is my code:  edited ","Make  global non-static fields to hold the  and  fields, when you accept the input assign the values to your global  and  variables. Then have getter method(s) which are  and return the  and  for that instance. something like:  you'd then do something like: ",,1,232,2,11,1,1
53,Can anyone recommend a way to check if a class can be serialized as XML?,"I have a Generic class that takes an object of type T, serializes it as XML, then saves it to the filesystem. Currently however the serialize operation fails if the object is not serializable. That's not a problem as such, however I think it would be better to check in my class constructor whether an instance of T is serializable or not and if it is not, throw an error at that point rather than later on. Is there a way of checking of an instance of T can be serialized as XML other than simply instantiating it and trying to serialize it in a TRY...CATCH? It would be nice if I could interrogate the class T in some manner to discover whether it can be serialized as XML or not. If it helps, the code can be seen here: http://winrtstoragehelper.codeplex.com/SourceControl/changeset/view/ac24e6e923cd#WinRtUtility%2fWinRtUtility%2fObjectStorageHelper.cs  Note that this code gets compiled against WinRT (i.e., it is for use in a Windows 8 app) however I think the question is relevant to any dialect of C#. thanks in advance Jamie","AFAIK, even if you check for various attributes (, ) or check for the  (which I believe is just a convenience method for checking the  attribute's existence) it doesn't guarantee that the implementation actually is serializable. (EDIT: As mentioned, and seen in the example code provided in the question,  does not depend on the  attribute adornment. So there's no sense in checking for these flags.) In my experience, your best bet is to use unit tests that will validate the various types used in your application and use try/catch to see if it pass/fails. At runtime, use try/catch (rather than pre-checking each time) and log/handle the exception. If you have a list of valid compatible types as a result of your unit-testing, you can have a pre-check of  against a compile-time list that you determined from testing previously and assume any other types are just no good. Might want to watch for subclasses of known valid types though as even if they inherit from a valid serializable type, their implementation may not be. EDIT: Since this is for Windows Phone 8, while I don't have experience with that platform, I have worked with Silverlight. And in that case, you can serialize objects even if they are not marked as  (in fact, it doesn't even exist in Silverlight). The built-in  just works against all public properties regardless of adornment. The only way to see if it's serializable is either attempt a serialization and try/catch the failure, or write an algorithm to inspect each property (and recursively through child objects) and check if each type can be serialized. EDITx2: Looking at your , I would suggest that you simply attempt serialization and catch any failures. You don't necessarily have to bubble up the exception directly. You could wrap with your own custom exception or have a returned results object that informs the API consumer of the pass/fail of the serialization and why it may have failed. Better to assume the caller is using a valid object rather than doing an expensive check each time. EDITx3: Since you're doing a lot of other work in the save method, I would suggest rewriting your code like this:  This way you catch the serialization issue specifically and can report to the API consumer very clearly that they have provided an invalid/non-serializable object. This way if you have an exception being thrown as part of your I/O portions, it's clearer where the issue is. In fact, you may want to separate out the serialization/deserialization aspects to their own discrete method/class so you can feed in other serializers (or be more clear from the stack trace where the issue is, or simply to make your methods do one thing and one thing only) But any more rewriting/refactoring is really left for code-review anyway and not valid much for the question at hand. FYI, I also put a null check for your input object because if the user passes null, they would think that the save was successful when in fact, nothing happened and they might expect a value to be available for loading later when it doesn't exist. If you want to allow nulls as valid values, then don't bother with the check throwing an error.",,6,1486,4,12,0,1
54,Report progress in a WPF progress bar for the following method(s) in a button click?,"I have the following method that is executed in a button click:  The button  click has some other methods, but they don't take very long to run, but even so, how can I show and update a progress bar for each even that is run.  I put a textbox, but it only writes to the textbox once it is finished with everything.  My button order may looks like this:  A progress bar is not absolutely necessary, although nice.  It would be great if I could get my textbox to update at each time a method completed instead of at the very end."," I have the following method that is executed in a button click:  It shouldn't be. This will freeze your UI for too long. Use a Backgroundworker. [1], [2] and [3]",,0,2709,2,15,1,0
55,Intersect and Sort an Array by keys based on another Array?,"Similar to the question: Sort an Array by keys based on another Array? only I want to drop any keys that arent in common. Essentially I tried filtering the variables by the keys via  and then tried to sort it with  Shown here:  produces:  and not the  that I expected, why?",This should work for you:  Or if you want you can use this: ,1.0,1,69,1,1,1,1
56,"Cocoa Outlets acting wierd, won't recognize selector","I'm getting some weird behavior, I Set a Label in Interface Builder, then I connect the label to a file as an Referencing Outlet.  When I access that label in the file (cell.TitleLabel.stringValue = title) and run the application, it doesn't recognize it.I get this:  The weird thing is that it doesn't always do this, sometimes it works and displays correctly, other times it doesn't. I've just started messing with IB so I'm probably missing something. Any help?","Is the property really on your  subclass? or is it on you application delegate class? It's not impossible for it to be on the application object, but it would be a pretty uncommon (and arguably ill-advised) pattern. In short, I suspect you're probably connecting it to the wrong object. EDIT: Ah. I see. You're trying to access things via the  array, but in practice, you can't count on the order of . What you need to rely on the 's outlets getting populated, but you're passing  for the .  only exists to give the caller ""ownership"" (in the reference counting sense) of the top level objects in the xib for memory-mangement purposes, it's not really meant to be ""used"" directly like you're doing here. (In fairness, I can imagine situations where you might need to introspect that array, but this hardly rises to that level.) The canonical way to do this would be to use an  subclass as the owner.  In Xcode, if you add a subclass of  to your project, it will give you the option to create a xib file at the same time that will have everything hooked up. Then you just initialize the  subclass at runtime and the  outlet property of that class will be filled with the root view. You can obviously add more outlets and plug in whatever you like. This post appears to cover the basics, if your looking for more details. Apple's docs on xib files and how they work are here.",,0,56,1,1,1,1
57,Inaccuracy in counting milliseconds with $timeout,"I am trying to use $timeout (or $interval) and from the docs and numerous examples on the web counting in 1 second increments is easy:  When calling $timeout with 1 millisecond increments, however, the time is not accurate. Here is an example: http://jsfiddle.net/eh8o9s28/ If you run the timer in the example it looks OK, but compare to a stopwatch and after about 20 seconds the Angular time is about 2 seconds wrong, and it continues to diverge from there. (Note that if you change the increment to 1000, the time is perfectly accurate.) Any ideas? I am wondering whether millisecond increments is too fast for the  cycle to keep up with?","$timeout is jus a wrapper for setTimeout timing functions in JS are highly unreliable, they are approximate at best, their precision depends on many factors like OS, architecture, CPU load, and even on how well is your scrip built, so you shouldn't count on $timeout or $interval for time critical operations if high precision is required",,0,715,1,1,1,0
58,How to change reference of named range?,"I want to move the row reference of a named range by the result of an operation, for example:  What is the syntax I must use to successfully change: Range1=$A$100 to Range1=$A$(100+(a-b))? Appreciate any help Edit: Sure Scott, I am trying to reset a RowMarker named range back to it's original value but can't get the syntax correct: Above this sub, I have this:   I will insert it into the if statements below so that the result between lngRowData and rngData.row becomes the offset. Thank you guys",This would do it: ,,0,528,1,2,1,1
59,how do i add each fieldname and their respective value into one json object dynamically,"I am new to React js , in my one component i am setting field name dynamically , it comes from api to redux store then from their it come into my component ,  I want to make one array that i can pass to API in Post method which will   have key value pair  , This is how i am building dynamic fields  In buildTemplate() i am rendering html elements using if else statement and with each element i am using function that can give change state of that field.  In my handleShareholderNameChange  I want each input data with field name like below.. ","It is not possible to dynamicly load in all JSON attributes, the way you build it looks fine. But there always comes a moment that you have to type all the attributes by hand. The most dynamic way to load json objects into a React component is with ReactTable. Then you can do something like this:  ",,1,81,1,2,1,1
60,DOM created table but not all columns have cells,I am making a website that you can type in. I am working on the tables. Only one column has a cell. all others are blank. what do I do? Code:         Thank you!,"You need to reset  back to  for each row. The minimal change is:         ...but really, this is a job for  loops:        ",1.0,1,21,2,2,1,1
61,"How can I host an Android APK file for every pull-request, so QA can test them before merging?","In order to improve our QA workflow, we want to automatically build an APK file for each pull-request on Github so we can test it BEFORE the branch is merged. We already figured out how to build the file, but we are now wondering how to integrate this in our workflow. It seems like most available Beta programs (e.g. Crashlytics Beta, Google Play) mostly focus on creating one beta version shortly before the release, but don't allow hosting multiple APKs in parallel. Here's an example for our ideal workflow:  Developer finishes coding and creates a pull-request Tests run If tests are successful, an APK is built automatically and uploaded somewhere (that's the part we're trying to figure out) QA takes a look at the pull-request and should be able to easily download the correct APK on their testing device If there are no issues during QA, the pull-request is merged The APK file is automatically deleted  We specifically don't want to test the APK after the pull-request has been merged, but instead test before so less bugs pop up in our develop branch.","Actually Crashlytics allow to have several versions of APK.  Ech version can have each own Version string and of course release notes, to help QA to find correct APK. Point 3 from question can be described in that way: CI configured to upload build to Crashlytics.  It can be achieved by gradle task:  It is really useful to have special build type () for this case.  You can specify special distribution rules via distribution groups, notifications about builds and release notes.   In this case build and upload command will be like that: ",3.0,11,444,2,2,0,1
62,Webpack js bundle gets loaded but not executed,"I have three webpack config files. One for production, one for development and one for common configurations. When i run the dev config the js file gets loaded, i can see that in the browser dev tools, but it does not get executed. If i run the production config every thing works fine. I use: node v10.3.0, yarn v1.7.0, webpack 4.19.1, webpack cli 3.1.0 webpack.common.js here are my entries my output and my loaders :  webpack.dev.js:  webpack.production.js:  My JS code i want to run:  My entry.js:  Any ideas on what went wrong?",The problem was i used optimization:  and did not include the chunk file.,,0,1656,2,2,1,1
63,"Remove the object of a specific index in a JSON array without leaving ""null"" behind (Node.js)","I have a local JSON file under the path . Its content is . I want to read it, delete the object of the index  from it and rewrite the file so if for example  the new content should be . What i have tried so far:  If I do this, the content of test.json isn't , it's . I've read about using  instead of , but for some reason that doesnt do anything, without me recieving any errors. How do I remove the object of index  of this JSON array without leaving  behind? Edit: Thanks for the fast answers! Typically  should work, the cause why it doesn't for me has to have to do with my setup. The working answer for me is ",You can do  and filter out        BUT  works OK      ,,0,43,2,2,1,1
64,MPDF: Reset total page number,I need some advice. I create pdf with mpdf. In a same pdf i generate multiple invoices. I need reset total page number. For exemple in a same PDF:  At the moment i solve reset of current page number with   But I don't find how to reset total page number. When I print PDF I get    Any idea ?,"You have to use a different alias to print the total number of pages. Currently, you're most likely using the alias  which prints simply the total number of pages. But there's also the alias  which prints the total number of pages considering page groups. It's pretty well described on the documentation page for the function :   – Defines the placeholder used to insert total page number of the page group or document into the document Set the value for the variable string  which is used as a placeholder used to insert total page number into the document. If you have reset the page numbering with  or  the total number of pages in the current page group will be used (up to where the numbering is reset) rather the total number of pages in the whole document. ",,0,512,2,2,1,1
65,Mysql queries for date difference in days,"Need help here, having an mysql table called APPROVAL, there having an  and  need a query that selects the  alone with the following condition. Taking date alone from database and comparing it with current system date, if the days exceeds above 30 and below 60 and also . How can I write a query for this. Thanks in advance.",Ok so use this query to retrieve all the IDs that match level 5 and date diff between 30 and 60 compared to the current date.  I'd suggest you to order them dy date DESC too. Hope that helps,,-1,168,1,1,1,1
66,Read specific line from text file and assign to variable using Python 2.7,"I want to automatically search for 3 lines of text in a text file and then assign it as variables in a python script. The process basically consist of tkinter promting the user to select the text file and then the three lines are located in the text file and assigned as variables. The three lines of text required will always be in the same location in the text file (eg. it will always be lines 10, 11 and 12). Below is what I was able to do, however this only prints the whole text file.  The print statement at the end is to see what the results are after running the script. How do I go about splitting or slicing the lines in the text file and then assigning it to variables?",You may use slice syntax to get sublist. Remember that lists are 0-indexed in Python. ,,0,1767,1,1,1,1
67,Simple javascript exception happens 7 times on Angular Controller init when trying to override $exceptionHandler,"I have a factory written to override the built in $exceptionHandler because I plan on creating a backend service that I can log to from the frontend.  For now though, I just want to catch the exception, log it to the console, and then throw it, knowing that the  will be replaced with a service call.   In the init function of my controller, I put  so it would throw an error due to  being undefined.  However, on controller init, this happens:  The console.log in my  fires 7 times, then the exception is thrown (as expected) but then I also get a  error.   What am I doing wrong?  ","Since you override the native  of Angular, it can't do its job.  contains many more line than just a  and a . It has some code to pause others Angular services or providers to avoid this kind of things.",,0,219,1,1,1,1
68,Fairly Secure for live site?,I wanted to know if something like the following would be fairly secure and okay to use in a production setting.  I am retrieving data from a database and using the response data into a graph using Chart.js. My html file  My PHP file ,"Your question of  would be fairly secure and okay to use in a production setting  The two obvious area's you have covered  parameterized queries on the backend the data being retrieved is not based on user input from this site page  However, I will caution that if any of the data being retrieved from the piechart table(s) retains any user provided data from some other source, that you should consider/implement the proper output encoding even if proper input sanitation was performed.  If that isn't the case, then no worry there.",,0,34,1,1,1,0
69,Is there a difference between these queries,"I'm pretty sure these two queries are equivalent, but I could be wrong.  OK are these queries the same ","That's a completely unnecessary use of the Q object. That is really only for one you want to add multiple conditions, especially if you are joining them with OR. And I can't see any reason to use  and  in the same condition. However, the queries are not the same: the first excludes objects where the  attribute is not the empty string, whereas the second excludes objects where  is null; these are not necessarily the same. Note that the second query could be expressed even more concisely: ",,0,23,2,1,1,1
70,"Is there any reason to instantiate an object through a class method, other than syntax?","I have been fixing a bug and wound up in some pretty old code, and I've found something I don't fully understand We have are currently initializing an object like this:  and  is a class method:  I know it looks pretty funny, but my question is why would a developer choose to instantiate an object through a class method-- instead of just writing a custom instance initializer?  The implementation of the class method contains the instance initializer  anyways. The reason why this is an issue now, is because  loads the nib which calls .    needs to be aware of ; but because the initializer is a class method I can't store  into a instance property. I also can't move  before the  call because myController is loaded through the nib. Anyways this whole thing just stinks to me, and the fact that it was written in 2010 by an employee that is long gone makes me skeptical.   Can anybody shed some light on possible motivation to implement things this way?  I also don't think that manually loading objects through the nib by accessing the  is good either, but I don't really have any reason to say it's bad","How is this particularly different than the following from the  class method:  Both are class methods, sometimes called convenience initializers. They were more useful prior to ARC where they avoided the    pattern: ",,1,45,2,1,1,1
71,List(Of <custom class>) Seems to Reset Itself,"Code: I have a class, , that accepts an  in its new method, where  is an Entity Framework class with an added partial class that adds non-mapped properties. Pricing.vb:  tblAccount.vb:  The  class then has a method, :  Basically, the  method is designed to remove  objects one-by-one from its property , in order of lowest IRR, until the IRR of the remaining accounts () meets a minimum criteria ().  The  property is calculated by methods  and . Problem: The problem that I'm seeing, though, is that  essentially resets itself each time the do while...loop loops.  So if I have  with s 1 through 5, and let's say that the order of lowest IRRs is 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5, then the first time the method loops it will properly remove  from .  BUT, the next time it loops,  will reappear in , and it will remove .  It will continue this weird process until of course it hits an index out of range exception. For a little visualization, here's what the  looks like, by  after each loop: After 1st loop:  After 2nd loop:  After 3rd loop:  After 4th loop:  After 5th loop:  It should look like this: After 1st loop:  After 2nd loop:  After 3rd loop:  After 4th loop:  After 5th loop: ","It's because you're using  and not . LINQ query is lazy loaded, so your  property stores the query information (how to get the results) not a list of accounts. In every iteration of  you just change the definition, and later on it's called against initial data source over and over again. Make sure to call  whenever you assign to :  and ",,1,38,2,1,1,1
72,"What is the most efficient way to find the index of an element in a list, given only an element of a sublist (Python)","I.e. Does something like the following exist?  I know of the regular index() method but that only looks for the immediate elements.  I have a rough solution of making a new list, parsing through the superlist and adding ""y"" or ""n"" then looking for the index of the ""y"" in that one, but I feel there is much better way.  Thanks","There is a problem with hellpanderrr's solution. It assumes that the main list elements will only be lists or strings. It fails if one searches on a list where another type is in the main list (the  operation raises a ). E.g.:  To fix this:  Now:  There are several ways to accomplish the ""equals or in"" test. This solution bowls right through, using a ""get forgiveness not permission"" idiom to catch the times when the  on  is not type-appropriate.  It would also be possible to test the type of  before the  operation, or directly ask if  supports the in operation. But direct type inspection is often frowned upon, and strings and containers in Python have some complex overlapping capabilities. The ""get forgiveness"" approach gracefully handles those more simply. Note that this also explicitly handles the case where no value is found.  While functions not returning a value implicitly return , it is better to be explicit about such default cases. By the by, this approach handles two levels. If the lists can be arbitrarily nested, a different approach, likely involving recursion, would be needed.",,1,147,2,1,1,1
73,Two dimensional array from standard input without knowing columns size,"How do I print a two dimensional array from a standard input where I know the row size, but not column size?  First line of standard input will be row size and next few lines will be number of rows with inputs for each element of column separated by space.  e.g.  This is what I am trying with my code  ","If you want to have the column values, then you'll need to split each line. When you split the lines, you will know the number of columns. For example:  Or  using Java 8: ",1.0,1,2261,2,1,1,1
74,Trouble using Math.max.apply over array in JavaScript,"I am trying to find the maximum number within each of four subarrays, push each max to a new array that includes all four maxes and return that array. When I run this code it returns an array with four values, but they are all null. What am I doing wrong?  ","When you are using  to get part of the array, you are getting an array with the item inside it. The variable  doesn't contain an array of values like , it contains an array of arrays of values, like . When you send that into the  method it will not be able to get the maximum value because you don't send the values into the method, you send a single value that is an array. Use  to get an item in the array instead of . Also, you should declare the variable  inside the function, so that the function can be used more than once without retaining the result from previous calls. The variable  should also be local.      ",,1,666,3,1,1,1
75,Structural directive's context not updated,"I have created a structural directive with context.  This is how I use it.  The template is properly installed into the view and  is present as expected. However, if I try to change the context, it's not reflected in the view. Judging by  spec from the Angular repo, it looks like it should be updated when the context changes. Is there mistake in my code, or am I misinterpreting the spec? I've also tried injecting CR and manually triggering change detection, but it didn't work. In my real case, the change was supposed to be triggered on observable subscription which listens to mouse events, but here's a demo with simple interval.  Although  does change, and the changes are shown in the console, the view doesn't update. Here's a demo on StackBlitz.  I've added unsubscribing on destroy because otherwise the Blitz goes mad after a few reloadings. Also added a test observable which is just a simple counter of half-second intervals to the AppComponent, unrelated to the directive. This is just a sanity check the the app is working and CD cycle is generally running on the whole app properly. I do not use OnPush anywhere.",Javascript is very intreresting language.  Let's consider the following code:  when we create  and passed it to  function. Now let's change . We will do it two options: 1) change itself  2) change INTERNALS  As we can see our output is not changed in first case while it works in the second case. That's because in javascript we pass object by sharing. It's  a specific kind of pass-by-value. If we change parameter itself it will not have any effect to the item that was fed inside function. But if we change some of properties then it will change the item. So for your case you could change your context like:  https://stackblitz.com/edit/so-context-question-a4n5yx?file=app%2Fapp.component.ts,,2,900,3,2,1,1
76,"Click more than 3 times TextView, App gets crashed","I have 2  inside . I have put  to my  so that when clicked , both  are highlighted. I have not set an  to my . When I click one time, it is not crashing but the problem is, When I immediately click more than 3 times RelativeLayout it is crashing.  In LogCat it is written:  Anybody who has faced such problem and fixed?? My XML file:   JAVA CODE: ","Have you tried to set your 's background ? With something like this : With creating background_ripple.xml in drawable resources :  and settup it in your   Edit : With something like this, Android may render a ripple effect I hope this will help you",1.0,0,91,3,2,1,1
77,Invalid scope for Youtube API CommentThreads - java,"I'm new to Youtube data API and I'm trying to develop a standalone java application on my computer to parse some comments form Youtube videos. The sample code for CommentThreads-list is provided on https://developers.google.com/youtube/v3/docs/commentThreads/list  After I run the above sample code in eclipse, the browser opens but it shows ""Error: invalid_scope"". I've attached an image to show this. As for my OAuth client ID, I created a credential on youtube developer console and I selected ""Other"" as an Application Type for my project.  I also tried ""Web application"" and I assigned my localhost http://localhost/Callback for the Authorized redirect URIs. That didn't work either. ","You should specify the correct scopes in your code, check these changes please.  Also, I think it would be good to know existing ones to detect which you need more. All youtube scopes begins:  (this part will be missed/skipped in scope examples to reduce duplication) YouTube Analytics API v1:  YouTube Data API v3:  YouTube Reporting API v1 ",2.0,3,1078,7,2,1,1
78,How to apply a rule to datetime variables?,"I have the following day types:  I want to know if the new date is a labour day (Monday-Friday) that is located 1 day before any holiday, and it is not a holiday itself. For example, I have the following three  variables:  Only  corresponds to the specified rule. How can I do this?",I solved it this way: ,,-1,69,0,3,1,1
79,COPY data from S3 to RedShift in python (sqlalchemy),"I'm trying to push (with COPY) a big file from s3 to Redshift. Im using sqlalchemy in python to execute the sql command but it looks that the copy works only if I preliminary TRUNCATE the table.  the connection works ok:  with this command string (if I truncate the table before the COPY command)  If I remove the ""TRUNCATE TABLE public.my_table;"" bit    But the command works perfectly in with any other  SQL client (like DBeaver for example) ",Thank you Ilja. With this command it works:  I don't know why I was able to push the data with the TRUNCATE bit at the front of the string.  Ivan,,1,1563,0,3,1,1
80,Account not able to sign in Xcode?,"I am new for developing the IOS application. so I have used xcode version 7.3.1 so I am not able to build the IOS 10 version. so xcode 7.3.1 not supported. so I trying to update but it can't able to update because mac has lower version. so I decided to install xip format. then I installed  it, I have tried to build the app in xcode 8.0. then I have deleted the apple id which was already added in xcode 7.3.1. so both version affected it not showing account in xcode. after that I trying to add the account in xcode both version. it getting below given error, please any one help to slove the problem..  "," Make sure you can login to apple developer:  Apple Developer Login If that is not working, it means it's an issue with either your login credentials, or (more unlikely) there is an issue with Apple's servers and you simply must try later. Try creating a new apple id as a test to see if it's an issue with the apple id, or an issue with your Xcode or computer's setup. ",,0,2616,1,3,0,0
81,How can I use Pandas column to parse textfrom the web?,"I've used the map function on a dataframe column of postcodes to create a new Series of tuples which I can then manipulate into a new dataframe.  While it works where there is only one property on a results page, it fails to create a tuple for multiple properties. What I'd like to be able to do is iterate through a series of pages and then add that content to a dataframe. I know that Pandas can convert nested dicts into dataframes, but really struggling to make it work. I've tried to use the answers at How to make a nested dictionary and dynamically append data but I'm getting lost. Can anyone help point me in the right direction?","At the moment your function only returns for the first  in  (usually in python you would  (rather than ) to retrieve all the results as a generator. When subsequently doing an apply/map, you'll usually want the function to return a Series... However, I think you just want to return the following DataFrame: ",,1,123,1,4,1,1
82,Counting the number of solutions for a given sudoku puzzle?,"I'm developing a web based sudoku game that allows the user to custom made his own sudoku board. I need a way of telling the user the number of possible solutions that the board he assembled has. The minimum number of entries for a sudoku to have a unique solution is 17. I need to find the number of solutions for number of entries less than 17. Here's my method:  So basically for each empty cell I insert numbers from 1-9 and try to solve the game for each number. If successful increment the number of solutions. But this doesn't get me the number of all possible combinations, rather the sum of the number of numbers for each cell that can be plugged in. Is there a way I can calculate this ?","The answer is (probably): don't do that. Sudoku solving is NP-complete, so it might take a while to solve one, let alone counting the number of solutions. Even if you try to compute the count, it might be extremely large. A Sudoku board with nothing on it has 6,670,903,752,021,072,936,960 answers.",,1,2686,3,4,1,0
83,Cannot Synthesize Signal,"I am a newbie when it comes to VHDL, but i am working on a counter than can manually count up and down by the push of a button.. Somehow i am only getting this error, and i dunno what i am doing wrong, all other checks are good. any suggestion? This is the error i get:  ERROR:Xst:827 - line 101: Signal s2 cannot be synthesized, bad synchronous description.    The description style you are using to describe a synchronous element (register, memory, etc.) is not supported in the current software release.  ","Your description of a synchronous process is flawed. A synchronous process has events that update only on the edge of a clock signal (although in this case there is an also an asynchronous reset behaviour ) Your sensitivity list contains more than it needs to describe a synchronous process. Replace   with   signals will then only update when the clock transisitions, or rst changes. Some compilers are even more picky, and might require you to change  to  EDIT: This should work. I've layed it out clearly so its actually easy to follow what's going on. I'd suggest you do the same in future. It make simple closure errors easy to spot ",1.0,1,2967,3,4,1,1
84,How to check if two dictionaries contain the same values?,"I've got this, but it's so short I'm nearly sure I'm missing something:  So basically, if they have an equal reference, return . If either of them are  or their counts are different, return . Then return if the sequences (ordered by their keys and then their values) are the same. I must be missing something, as it's far too short to be good enough.","Yes, your code will work, so long as the keys all implement  and both the keys and values have an  method that compares what you want it to compare.  If either the keys or the values don't have appropriate implementations of those methods then this won't work. Your method also doesn't provide functionality for custom  or  objects to be passed in to account for the cases where the object doesn't have a desirable implementation of one of those methods.  Whether this is an issue in your particular case we can't say. Your solution also needs to sort all of the values, which is somewhat less efficient than other possible implementations of a set equals, but it's not dramatically worse, so if you don't have particularly large collections that shouldn't be a huge issue. A method with comparable functionality to yours but improved speed would be (keeping the first two checks you have):  Since this method doesn't rely on sorting it also provides the benefit of not needing  to implement . A key reason that both this method and your method works is due to the fact that  overrides it's definition of  and  to to be based on it's own reference, but rather on the key and value it wraps.  Two  are equal if both the keys and values are equal, and the hash code incorporates the hash code of both the key and the value.",1.0,1,1521,4,4,1,1
85,How to pass parameters dynamically to Spring beans,"I am new to Spring. This is the code for bean registration:  and this is my bean class:  and this is my main method to perform action:  Now I want to call this constructor with parameters, and these parameters are generated dynamically in my main methods. This is what I mean by I want to pass dynamically – not statically, like declared in my  file.","Please have a look at Constructor injection. Also, Have a look at IntializingBean and BeanPostProcessor for other life cycle interception of a springbean.",7.0,24,93742,4,4,1,0
86,looping through an array in jQuery,"I'm trying to create an array of textarea values and then loop through them. Here is a jsFiddle that I am trying to get this to work in: http://jsfiddle.net/kxkHZ/1/ When I run it, nothing happens.  Any idea what I'm doing wrong? ","There is no  property in each element, you can simply do:  Working Demo - Note: jQuery wasn't originally included",,1,109,5,4,1,1
87,Tooltip covering bar in highchart,"How can I avoid that the tooltip in Highcharts covers the whole bar? I'm trying to create bar chart with drill-down functionality, but the bar for ""John"" in the example below i always covered by the tooltip itself, which makes drilldown very difficult. http://jsfiddle.net/3XZwV/ ","If you are interested, you can do it a couple of ways.  Fix the position of tooltip Fix the position of your tooltip, using  .   A working example is . Using followPointer Using the follow pointer option. You can avoid the problem you are facing and allow the tooltip to be still floating.   Another working example is .",,2,2484,6,4,1,1
88,"g++ compiler error: expected ‘,’ or ‘...’ before ‘>’ token only on Mac","I've got a program that won't compile on a Mac (gcc 4.2.1, Apple Inc. build 5658) but seems to have no trouble on a Linux (gcc 4.7.2). I get the above error when I try to write a class with member functions that take STL vectors containing STL pair objects: test.h:  test.cpp:  If the same function prototypes are not inside a class definition, everything compiles and runs fine. Am I making a stupid C++ error that my Linux compiler tolerates, or is this a Mac compiler problem? The full error message:  An update... I've tested a similar example with a vector of vectors, and don't get the same error: test2.h:  test2.cpp: ",It's a compiler bug in Apple's version.  I think you can work it around by naming your parameter and adding parents around your default value: ,,3,1304,8,4,1,1
89,barchart and standard errors,"I have the following table in R (inspired by a cran help datasheet) :  I am interested in plotting the percentages of males (M), females (F) and ""unknown""(U) in each group using barcharts, including error bars.  To do this graph, i plan to use the panel.ci/prepanel.ci commands.  I can easily build a proportion table for each group using the prop.table command :  But now, i would like to build a similar table with error bars, and use these two tables to make a barchart.  If possible, i would like to use the  command, that i use for similar purposes (except that it was nor percentages but means).","Try something like this:  You can get a good on-line tutorial on building graphs here. edit I'm pretty sure you would need more than 1 value for the proportion in order to have any error.  I only see 1 value for the proportion for each unique combination of variables group and sex. This is the most I can help you with (below), but I'd be interested to see you post an answer to your own question when you find a suitable solution. ",,0,209,0,5,1,1
90,ViewController from StoryBoard make ViewDidLoad called twice,"I would like to make (from my StoryBoard) a ViewController that I will be able to push from anywhere by code (this ViewController will be used a lot of time, so I don't wan't to add tons of segues in the StoryBoard...). I also have to pass some variables from the current ViewController to the pushed one. To do it I'm using this code :  It nearly works, but in the pushed ViewController, the viewDidLoad method is called twice. The first time, I can get the item, but the second, it is null. Of course it seems like the displayed ViewController is the one of the second call, and I can't get my item. Any idea ? Is there a better option, using segues in the StoryBoard (I can't believe there is no way to reuse a ViewController in the StoryBoard...) ? PS : I already tried to use viewDidAppear.","You might create a subclass of  (MyRegularViewController) and assign a .xib by (MyRegularViewController.xib)   and drag a  to your emtpy xib file. Associate your MyRegularViewController with that xib, then customize it. Now you can use it anywhere you want simply like this;  You are not obligated to use storyboard in all cases, in fact using your storyboard for something like this situation will mess your storyboard. Simply use a xib and a custom class for this.",,0,2159,1,5,1,1
91,Assigning C# function output-result to VXML variable in ASP.NET,"I try to create dynamic voice xml document with ASP .NET. I get a variable in my first page ASP application : customerRecordId  And I want to send this parameter to my second vxml generator  page:[ProcessAtServer.aspx]  By default vxml submit  all tags like ""filled"" .But not my variable customerRecordId. PS: I try namelist at submit :  How can I send/pass parameter  customerRecordId to the page ProcessAtServer.aspx ? More Info: Here is general structure of My ASP .NET. What I want is to pass the result of Function GetNextAvaliableCustomerId as parameter to post request [ using submit tag ] ",Putting customerRecordId in the namelist will not work because it is not part of the vxml.  Try something like this:  Then you can use the namelist attribute in the submit element to pass the variable in query string. If you are new to VoiceXML and what to use ASP.NET to generate dynamic pages I would suggest looking at the open source project VoiceModel. There are a lot of examples in the project to help you get started.,,1,711,1,5,1,1
92,Text overflows in a div,"I am making a dynamic search where my dynamic results overflow from the main container, I have tried different height options but I am not able to figure out why my results inside display_reults section would overflow out of the content div. I am using ajax based search to get results. Here is my css:  And this is  my html: ","Okay, the code is a bit complex BUT I think the issue is around . I took your code and made a fiddle: http://jsfiddle.net/audetwebdesign/397PZ/ and tidied up the CSS a bit.  The problem was that you set the offset  which constrained the height of the container block; This will probably take care of it.",,0,144,1,5,1,1
93,Passing data from caller thread to the method in another boost::thread,"I have  rather a noob question regarding concurrency in C++ (Using Boost threads)  on which I haven't found a clear answer.I  have a worker class which runs in a separate thread.I init the worker on the start of the program only once.This worker is ""lazy"" and does some data encoding only when it receives it from the calling thread.In the worker I have a public method:  which pushes the data to the std::stack member variable so the worker can access it each time new data object is pushed there. What I don't understand is how such an interaction generally done? Can I just call PushFrame() from the caller thread and pass the argument? Or do I have to access the methods in the worker in some special way?","Usually you use a producer-consumer-queue for this type of work. Whenever the worker thread runs out of work he s on a  which is protected by the same  as the stack holding the data for the worker thread (you might want to use a queue here instead to minimize the risk of unfair work scheduling). Your  function now calls  on that condition variable whenever it inserts new data into the stack. That way, the worker thread will truly sleep (i.e. the OS scheduler will probably not give it any timeslice) until there is actually work to be done. The easiest thing to get wrong here is the locking of the mutex protecting both the stack and the condition_variable. Besides avoiding races on the data structures, you also need to take care that the condition_variable does not miss a notify call and therefore might get stuck waiting while there actually is more work available. ",1.0,2,272,2,5,1,1
94,Copy constructor and dynamically allocated array,"I will keep it short and clear - in order to practise dynamically allocated memory, I decided to make a circle in which I will store it's parameters (X and Y of the center and radius length) in a dynamically allocated array. Since the array is dynamically allocated this means that in order to stop a leak I have to implement a constructor. It also means that in order to avoid a couple of other bugs I need to implement a copy constructor and overload the assignment operator. (with pretty much the same code) I think I have implemented the destructor reasonably well. I do need a bit of help with the copy constructor, though. "," The answer is ""yes and no"": Your constructor does not make a copy of the array, it just copies a pointer to the first element of an array. So if you don't want your  class to own the array, you do not need to provide destructor, copy constructor or assignment operator. But it is more likely that you do want your class to own the array, in which case you need to make a local copy of it and store it. For this to work, you need one extra piece of information: the size of the array, which is completely lost when passed to (and implement the destructor, copy constructor, assignment operator) a function taking a pointer. Edit since this is an exercise in dynamic allocation in the case where the input array is always size 3, then this is an example of a constructor taking an array:  You need to call  in the destructor, since you called :  When implementing the assignment operator, consider the copy and swap idiom.",2.0,2,11055,4,5,1,1
95,Error handling with next in Try::Tiny catch block,"The following code (a simplified example, I'm actually iterating over a list of objects and trying to trap an exception) performs error handling by going to the next item in the for list. It works, but gives a warning about using the loop control statement within the catch subroutine:  Outputs:  I can see two ways to work around it -- shut up the warning in the scope of this usage with a scoped no warnings block, or copy the error message off to a temporary variable and check it/next outside of the catch block. The former may have issues I'm overlooking, and the second spreads out the error handling a bit. Which is preferred, or is there another way I'm overlooking?","Inside the catch block, put a . This will disable the warning. The  and  pragmas are just there to help you, feel free to disable them lexically when they get in your way. The  page lists builtin warning and error categories. You can see all messages that will be silenced by disabling this category and decide if it is worth it. Edit: You can exploit that a successful  returns , but on error you get the value of the  block. This allows us to do:  However, I find the  solution to be more elegant, and far more obvious.",1.0,10,3655,7,6,1,1
96,jQuery return ajax result into outside variable,I have some problem using ajax. How can I assign all result from ajax into outside variable ? I google it up and found this code..  but not work for me.. Can anybody tell what is wrong about that code ?,"You are missing a comma after  Also, if you want  to hold the result of your anonymous function, you need to make a function call:  Note  at the end.",18.0,44,150467,57,6,1,1
97,How do I convert a json array into an array php can read?,"Answer Thanks to Kenneth's answer and suggestions, I did figure out what I needed to do. There's an added layer because this is an ExpressionEngine site, but basically I needed to tell the function that the variable was coming in from the post, like this:  UPDATED After following Kenneth's suggestion below, I was able to get the javascript to recognize that I was passing in . But my php function doesn't recognize that it's receiving an array. This is the error I'm getting:  My php function looks like this:  What do I need to do to translate the array that's being sent through the jquery so that the php function recognizes it as an array? I have the following javascript/jquery code that runs as a result of another ajax call:  A  right inside the  line lets me know that it gets that far. It is popping up the modal, but the  part (which calls another php function via ajax) doesn't seem to be getting the  value passed in. Here's a screenshot of Firebug; you can see that the  a few lines inside the function signature returns information for . Why does  become undefined when I try to pass it into the post? And how can I do it, if what I'm doing now is wrong? ",That's because you define  as a parameter of your function and when the function is called it's not passing a value and thus the parameter is hiding the access to your outer variable. You should remove the parameter and then your outer variable will become visible inside the function again: ,,1,77,1,7,1,1
98,htaccess code not working as expected,"I have written this in my .htaccess file :  I expect it should give me this :  [""view""]=>   string(4) ""team""   [""idteam""]=>   string(1) ""5""   [""idplayer""]=>   string(1) ""1""   [""layout""]=>   string(10)   ""editplayer""  But I got this instead :  array(3) {     [""view""]=>     string(4) ""team""     [""idteam""]=>     string(1) ""5""     [""layout""]=>     string(13) ""1/editplayer""   }  This is the URL :   dashboard/team/5/1/editplayer  This is my whole htaccess :  Please can sombody help understand what is wrong with my code. Thanks",Try replacing your code with this:  EDIT: This is how your .htaccess should be: ,2.0,1,112,1,7,1,1
99,pandas: append new column of row subtotals,"This is very similar to this question, except I want my code to be able to apply to the length of a dataframe, instead of specific columns. I have a DataFrame, and I'm trying to get a sum of each row to append to the dataframe as a column.  Desired output:  Current code:   This works great. But what if I have another dataframe, with seven columns, which are not called 'drinking', 'drugs', or 'both'? Is it possible to adjust this function so that it applies to the length of the dataframe? That way I can use the function for any dataframe at all, with a varying number of columns, not just a dataframe with columns called 'drinking', 'drugs', and 'both'?  Something like: ","You can use :  If you need sum only some columns, use subset: ",1.0,1,820,4,0,1,1
100,Select from two tables with group by date,I have two tables: Table t1:  So from this table I want to get count field  for each day. For this I use next query:  It's work good.  So next table is t2.  To select data by date from this table I use next query:  It's also work good. So my purpose is merge these two queries into one  that next I can write in php one tables with count of  by date from table  and with count of  field from table  by date. When I try next query:  It's not work. What I do wrong?,First you should UNION these results and then group by days and select aggregate fields. Also you can JOIN these queries but it can be a problem if some days miss in one of two tables:  SQL fiddle demo,,5,1964,5,0,1,1
101,"In RobotFramework, is it possible to run test cases in For-Loop?","So my issues might be of syntactic nature, maybe not, but I am clueless on how to proceed next. I am writing a test case on the Robot Framework, and my end goal is to be able to run ,multiple tests, back to back in a Loop.  In this cases below, the Log to Console call works fine, and outputs the different values passed as parameters. The next call ""Query Database And Analyse Data"" works as well.  But then, when I try to makes a test cases with documentation and tags with ""Query Database And Analyse Data"", I get the Error: Keyword Name cannot be Empty, which leads me to think that when the file gets to [Documentation tag], it doesn't understand that it is part of a test case. This is usually how I write test cases. Please note here that the indentation tries to match the inside of the loop   Now is this a syntax problem, indentation issue, or is it just plain impossible to do what I'm trying to do? If you have written similar cases, but in a different manner, please let me know!  Any help or input would be highly appreciated!","You are trying to use Keywords as Test Cases. This approach is not supported by Robot Framework.  What you could do is make one Test Case with a lot of Keywords:  You can't really fit  anywhere useful. You can, however, fire meaningful fail messages (substituting the ) if instead of using a Keyword directly you wrapped it in Run Keyword And Return Status. Furthermore, please have a look at data driven tests to get rid of the -loop completely.",1.0,0,4963,6,0,1,1
102,Python linebreak '\n' is not working when I include something at end,"The Python linebreak command \n doesn't work for me on Python 2.7 when I include something in the statement, like an int or a numpy array. Is there a way to do this? Here are some examples: ","If you want to use  like a function, import the one from Python3.  Now they actually do and you won't have to change anything.",,2,847,7,0,1,1
103,Uncaught TypeError: Cannot read property 'props' of undefined in reactJS,"I'm trying out an example in reactJS where I'm displaying a list of records and delete them.Refresh the list after each delete. I saw many questions raised by this error heading, but nothing worked with me.  On page load, I'm getting   ""Uncaught TypeError: Cannot read property 'props' of undefined""   in the CommentList's line call to DeleteButton. Wondering how ""this"" can go undefined","When you use array.map, this is undefined and undergoes the normal resolution for this in javascript. In strict mode, it'll stay undefined.  Non-strict mode: this resolves to Window  Strict mode: this resolves to undefined   There are different ways to bind it to the current object.  Using map.thisArg  Using bind  Using an arrow function  Using a variable    Sources:  If a thisArg parameter is provided to map, it will be passed to   callback when invoked, for use as its this value. Otherwise, the value   undefined will be passed for use as its this value.   https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array/map In strict mode, the value of this remains at whatever it's set to when   entering the execution context. If it's not defined, it remains   undefined.   https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/this ",2.0,2,5903,7,0,1,1
104,Why does applying a condition to ec2:DescribeInstances in an IAM policy fail?,"When trying to configure which instances can be listed using policies, I remark the following issue:  When the condition is not implemented, all instances are visible.  When any condition is implemented, nothing is visible.  The example policy with condition is included:  What is wrong here?","The  action does not support resource-level permissions or applying conditions.   From the linked documentation above:  ...to use these actions in an IAM policy, you must grant users permission to use all resources for the action by using a * wildcard for the Resource element in your statement. You cannot use Amazon EC2 condition keys for these actions.  So your usage of the * wildcard without a condition is valid, but applying any condition (as of this writing) will unfortunately not work as expected. Further Reading:  Supported Resource-Level Permissions for Amazon EC2 API Actions ",1.0,4,722,9,0,1,1
105,How to handle multiple touch gesture at a time?,"I have to perform all the gesture on my  at a time, means user can move  on single tap at a time on double tap also zooming and rotation possible.Now i am found this methods to perform multiple gesture but unable to perform zoom and roation.  Before i am applied , and  but it handle only one gesture at a time.Please help me to solve this or give me any other better option if possible.",,,0,856,0,1,1,1
106,Laravel not connecting to homestead database,I was developing a laravel application locally on Mac connecting to a mysql database. i recently found out about homestead and pulled my app over to Vagrant Homestead. however now im not able to connect to the mysql server on the homestead/box.  Error i recieve:  I did update my app's .env file  I cleared my app's cache  I updated  file  and i also removed the old mysql server running on port 3306 on 127.0.0.1. but still recieve the connection error.  Any help would be great.,"Both  and  are looking fine, so try to run this: ",,3,640,0,1,1,1
107,Coloring in SharpGL,"I have a sphere and I want to color it and add a light effect on it, so when I shed a light on it, the original color of the sphere is gone, replaced by the color of the illuminating light. I don't know what is the problem, help me. Here is my code: ",I think you need to setup materials using gl.Materials(). otherwise opengl will take the sphere with a surface that reflects no light.,,0,883,0,1,1,0
108,"Smooth scroll JS working with jQuery 1.11.1, but break with jQuery 1.12.3","This JS creates a Smooth scroll, it works with jQuery 1.11.1, but break with jQuery 1.12.3. Using this with a Wordpress site and would prefer not to load two versions of jQuery. Can't figure out what to update to make it work again. ","jQuery 1.12.x does not like  without quotes around #. It throws an unrecognized expression error. Using quotes is recommended always.  Also there's an issue with your scrolltop in all jquery versions. $(..).offset() is null. This happens when your href is  or links to a non-existing id. You should also check that it's not an external link, and return, otherwise preventDefault will stop it from working. See fiddle: https://jsfiddle.net/txau5yLf/",,0,536,0,1,1,1
109,Is there a way to combine changeset in liquibase?,"Let's say that it is needed to add 2 column to a table and modify 1. From pure design view I need to create 3 changesets with 3 different preconditions: 2 column exist, 1 that column has wrong type. This is clear design approach, but it leads to 3 separate alter table, which can be very expensive. For example MySql copy or rebuild entire table when column is added or modified. But it allows to combine several modified statement into one. But one altering changeset needs to combine preconditions which is impossible - should I perform big alter when one of them true or all? So is there a way to look at several preconditions and construct alter table from successful preconditions only?","For MySQL, if you have an addColumn tag with multiple nested columns, it will generate a single ALTER TABLE statement that adds all the columns at once.  You are able to nest multiple preconditions in ""and"" and ""or"" blocks, so you could have one changeSet that checks if column1 is missing AND column2 is missing and if both are, then run the addColumns with both columns listed. Then the next changeSet can check for missing column1 and the next for missing column2 and the next for the wrong data type. You will want the preconditions onFail attribute set to ""MARK_RAN"" so they are just marked at ran and are not continually re-evaluated on each update.",,0,796,0,1,0,0
110,How to use the PCF8574 i2c LCD44780 backpack with adafruit_LCD python code as gpio extender on a raspberry pi,"The adafruit library offers LCD control with python on RPI GPIO or over MCP230XX i2C gpio expander. I want to use the same idea for the PCF8574. It's all about these things: http://www.sainsmart.com/sainsmart-iic-i2c-twi-serial-2004-20x4-lcd-module-shield-for-arduino-uno-mega-r3.html The Adafruit library i use for the LCD is this one: https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_Python_CharLCD In Adafruit_GPIO is also contained a library for the PCF8574 i2C gpio expander. https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_Python_GPIO In the examples there is only made use of the MCP230XX but not of the PCF8574. After hours of trying, i do not get that thing to work properly with the adafruit code. Notice that i found a working code but want to use the adafruit code instead for better maintenance and support. The working code is this one: https://github.com/goshkis/rpi/blob/master/lcddriver.py Here is my current code:  Can you find that error i make?",The fork of that Adafruit repository on github shows how it works: https://github.com/sylvandb/Adafruit_Python_CharLCD working example: ,,0,1503,0,1,1,1
111,Pandas: Trouble Stripping HTML Tags From DataFrame Column,"I have a Pandas DataFrame with a  column containing HTML.  I want to get just the text, aka strip the tags.  I try to do this below as follows:  However, I end up getting this error:  What am I doing incorrectly? Thanks!",Try this: ,1.0,2,2831,9,0,1,1
112,Why does std::vector enforce copy on initialization?,"I have a copy/move probing class:  And I have found that running:  Produces the following output:  Why won't the initialization just move the objects? I know that  may create undesired copies on resize, but as you can see, adding  did not help here (and besides, I don't think that the reasons a resize causes copies apply to initialization). If I instead do the following:  I don't get copies. Tested with GCC 5.4 and Clang 3.8.","This isn't , but .  is backed by a  array of elements.  It does not permit non- access to its data. This blocks moving from its data. But this is C++, so we can solve this:  now we get:  gives you 1 extra move per element:  We can eliminate that extra instance with a careful bit of reserving and emplacing back:  Live example of both -- simply swap  for  to see the first one in action. Output:  there could be a bit more vector overhead here, as it may be hard for the compiler to prove that  does not cause reallocation (even though we can prove it), so redundant checks will be compiled in most likely.  (In my opinion, we need an  that is UB if there isn't enough capacity). The loss of the extra set of s is probably worth it. Another choice:  which is used like  where you have to specify how many elements manually.  It is as efficient as the version 2 above.",1.0,11,1017,11,0,1,1
113,php - html form $_POST undefined index on only one element of the form?," I encountered a very frustrating bug today (even though it's surely my fault) : I have an html form with several input elements which posts them to a php file. I keep on getting the undefined index error because one of the form element doesn't wanna get posted. Here's my html code (simplified) (/forms/form.php) :  Now, here's my php code (simplified too) (/php/save.php) :   I keep on getting this error :   I already had a look at other threads but none actually matched my situation. Do you have any idea why I get this error and why specific form elements don't get posted while all the others do ?  Thanks in advance for taking the time to answer me.",You have to check your $_POST-Variables before using them. ,,0,51,-1,0,1,1
114,Appmetrics-dash crashes app whenever I issue a postgresql query,"I'm using node v7.2.1. I've installed appmetrics-dash using:   In the app, I've added a single line, after the express:  My app starts fine, I can see the dashboard at port 3001, but when I issue a query to the (PostgreSQL) database, appmetrics crashes, along with my application: ","Upgrading pg to the latest version (6.3.0) fixed the issue, so I guess it wasn't appmetrics fault after all.",,0,135,0,1,1,0
115,How to organize many crawler functions?,I build a little statistics service with Laravel. I crawl some sites and get stats from there for my application. For example I get the subscriber count from YouTube and Twitter.  So right now I have one controller with 20 or 30 functions where every crawler needs his own function because obviously every external site is different. But I don't think such a large controller is good for future development. So my question is how could I organize this? I could make an own controller for every crawler. But I can't get the functions from other controllers in my main crawl-controller. For example I need the function getStats() from YouTubeController in the MainCrawler controller. I don't think there is an easy way to do this? Or should I make a new Model for every service?  ,"I have a similar project and I've created a Controller for each social network. Then on your MainCrawler you could say  And if you have similar functions in your social network controllers, you should use a Trait.",,0,36,0,1,1,1
116,get the value of JSON parameter c#,"I'm trying to get the id parameter from the json below without success, using c#. It's a double array (users/warings)  this is what I tried  I get an error in obj2. I don't want to create a class to parse the JSON into, just extract the id value from the 'users' array is enough thanks for your time!",Try using Newtwonsoft for this: ,,0,4864,0,1,1,1
117,"Cygwin with win10 (64 bit , parallels) does not working for gcc 32","I'd try to install gcc in win10  (64 bit , parallels) It is working for 64 but not working for 32 -it is working like this  -but it is not....  how can I solve it?","The gcc compiler of cygwin  is only for  so 64bit. If you want to compile for cygwin , 32bit,  you need to install cygwin at 32 bit and its compiler. If instead you want to compile for windows at 32bit, you need to install a cross compiler  While for Windows 64 bit, the cross compiler  You will need also to install the relative libraries. Full package list is available at https://cygwin.com/packages/package_list.html",,0,456,0,1,1,1
118,Grunt Read json file and push field into another json file,I'm trying to read data from bower.json and push into an existing json file for my project  How can I push it into the other file ? I have already tried push() and write() Thank you,If you just want to hard copy one json file to another you could use something like:  Or if you wanted to set a certain field in other.json to be the same as bower.json: ,,1,111,0,1,1,1
119,Modify a local file with Javascript,"I must make a local app with an interface. This app should load text files, modify them, and save them. I made the interface with html/css/js, and the core of the app was made with js only. Currently, I load the file with an input, but to save it, the browser makes me download it. I know this is a security measure. This app is not going to be put online. My question is : what can I do to replace directly the loaded file by the new one ?  Can I use my app (html/css/js) without a browser ? Is there a browser that allows me to edit my local files directly ? Is there any solution I can't think of ? Using another language to communicate with the js maybe ?  Thanks.","If you don't need your app to be online, with Electron you can make an executable using your existing code (you will have change how you're going to save the file using Electron APIs). Being a program running on your system, you'll be able to save directly on the file system.",,1,1861,1,1,0,0
120,Servlet multipart config can't upload larger files,"I am using  for uploading files into a database but it works only for small files, smaller than 5 MB. How to improve my code to work with larger files? ","Make sure the server allows you to let the users upload more than this. For instance tomcat has configs to limit the upload size (in ), and by default it's limited to 2MB. Not just that, the read/write timeout also could close the connection if the upload gets long!(for example low-bandwidth) You may print the exception you  to find out if there was any issue you could get it in server. (p.s the way you SQL, is so scary, datasource pool?)",,0,339,1,1,1,1
121,Task progress from a ZeroMQ worker,"Fairly new to ZeroMQ. I have a simple REQ/REP queue like below. I am using PHP but that doesn't matter as any language binding would be fine for me. This is client to request a task  And this is a worker to actually perform the task.  As the task of exporting data takes about 10 min, I want to connect to the server from a different client and get the progress/ percentage of the task done.  I am wondering if that's even a valid approach. I tried this approach where REQ/REP part works but I get nothing in PUB/SUB part Server part  Progress client  Request client ","The concept is feasible, some tuning needed: All PUB counterparties have to setup any non-default subscription, via, at least an empty subscription  meaning receive all TOPICs ( none ""filter""-ed out ). Next, both PUB-side and SUB sides ought get  configured, as there is of no value to populate and feed all intermediate values into the en-queue/de-queue pipeline, once the only value is in the ""last"", most recent message. Always, the non-blocking mode of the ZeroMQ calls ought be preferred (  et al ) or the   pre-tests ought be used to sniff first for a (non)-presence of a message, before spending more efforts on reading its context ""from"" ZeroMQ context-manager. Simply put, there are not many cases, where blocking-mode service calls may serve well in a production-grade system. Also some further tweaking may help the PUB side, in case a more massive ""attack"" comes from the un-restricted pool of SUB-side entities and PUB has to create / manage / maintain resources for each of these ( unrestricted ) counterparties.",,1,313,1,1,1,1
122,Custom C# card view type control,"I'm a beginner, writing a quiz program in a C# Winforms program. Fundamentally, I would like to be able to display the question and answer pairs in a series of ""cards"". Each card must have the ability to display the text, and have some other functionality with a button or two. The devexpress card view control looks a bit like what I'd like. But the price is a prohibitive. I'm not sure if the answer lies in making a custom control, that gets copied for each item of data at run time ? I would appreciate being pointed in the right direction, as I seem to have got stuck on this for a while now and am not sure where to start.","The dev express controls are there for rich people, us poor folk can implement our own! You'd have to create a  control, with a collection of .  It'd obviously read each item of the collection, create a  control for it, set it's viewmodel and add it to the .  You basically answered your own question! As for nice smooth movement within that CardControl, it might require some code for Lerp and Slerp adding, but that shouldn't be too hard.  You can monitor additions to the collection with an  when needed.  The design seems very simple from your link and wouldn't be too hard to emulate with ordinary Winforms. Here's a complete example:  You can see here that's I've stuck some testing data in there, but the overall concepts are there and it's a base you can jump off. Good luck!",2.0,0,2942,1,1,0,1
123,"TFS says I am not a member of the Team Foundation Valid Users group, but I am","I'm trying to check in changes to TFS using VS2013.  When I hit the button to submit, TFS returns the following error, ""TF14002: The identity {domain} \ {oldaccount} is not a member of the Team Foundation Valid Users group."" Background:  my account name has been changed to {newaccount} from {oldaccount}. When I first started working at this company I'm almost certain I set up my TFS with my old account.  But I thought I deleted all that stuff related to my old account and reset everything to my new account.  My lead tech has even shown me the account mngmnt screen with my new account name.  And I've been able to check out items with my new account name. I performed the following steps to try to ""clean out"" TFS: •  I copied all of my changed files to a back-up location. •  I undid all changes in TFS (note that TFS has been allowing me to check out files to edit). •  I deleted the TFS entry in Credential Manager per a suggestion online. •  I deleted my Workspace. •  I even deleted my TFS server. •  I Rebooted my computer. •  I reconnected to the TFS server. •  I rebuilt my Workspace. •  I restored my changed files from my back-up location. At this point I tried checking-in my changes again but got the same error message as above. Any suggestions? Note that I do NOT have access to the TFS server, much less permissions to perform any sort of admin on it (and I don't know the person who would).  So any suggestions beyond simply tweaking my computer will require a trip through the bureaucratic swamp. One possible positive (related to this issue) is that we've been informed that a number of us need to downgrade from ""Ultimate"" to ""Professional"" so if your suggestion is to reinstall Visual Studio, the upside is that I'll be doing that soon anyway. Thanks, Doug EDIT: Additional Info: I deleted everything in this folder: C:\Users\ ...\AppData\Local\Microsoft\Team Foundation\5.0\Cache ... but I'm still seeing the error. UPDATE 1/24/2015: I did finally ""downgrade"" from Visual Studio 2013 Ultimate to VS2013 Professional, but I'm still experiencing the same error.  Might there be a table in the TFS database that still has an entry for my old account that could be joining to my computer name &/or new account name when TFS goes to look up my account info when I check in my changes?  I am getting desperate for an answer! An addendum:  when the sys-admins changed my account name they did not update my computer itself, so I'm still using C:\Users\{oldaccount}.  I can't believe that would make a difference but you never know.... UPDATE 2/27/2016: Sorry for not updating this sooner.  I resolved this issue with the help of our DBAs: There is a table named Constants which contains the domain part and a field named “NamePart”.  The resolution was to simply update “NamePart” to “{newaccount}” from “{oldaccount}”.  This table also has an SID field which is the user’s SID from the computer’s Registry.  You'd only change the SID if a new login to your computer was created.  In my case, there was no new login account, just a change to my login account -name-, therefore, no new SID. And a side note, for situations when one’s email is also spelled incorrectly, there is also the ADObjects table which contains a field named “MailNickName”.  This field should be updated as well when a user name is misspelled.  For instance, I had the DBA update that field to change “Dug@NotReal.net” to “Doug@NotReal.net”. Updating the Constants table is imperative to making TFS work; updating ADObjects is only relevant if an alias isn’t included to forward mail from the one email address to the other.","I should have posted my answer (update 2/27/2016) as an official Answer. I resolved this issue with the help of our DBAs: There is a table named Constants which contains the domain part and a field named “NamePart”. The resolution was to simply update “NamePart” to “{newaccount}” from “{oldaccount}”. This table also has an SID field which is the user’s SID from the computer’s Registry. You'd only change the SID if a new login to your computer was created. In my case, there was no new login account, just a change to my login account -name-, therefore, no new SID. And a side note, for situations when one’s email is also spelled incorrectly, there is also the ADObjects table which contains a field named “MailNickName”. This field should be updated as well when a user name is misspelled. For instance, I had the DBA update that field to change “Dug@NotReal.net” to “Doug@NotReal.net”. Updating the Constants table is imperative to making TFS work; updating ADObjects is only relevant if an alias isn’t included to forward mail from the one email address to the other.",1.0,2,2058,1,1,0,0
124,Cannot get two jQuery ajax calls to fire in order,"I'm working with a JS API that I access by using POSTs and GETs. It's for an e-comm platform (Shopify), but I don't believe this issue is related to the platform. I've been able to write two POST requests that individually perform exactly as needed whether in code, or in the console. However, I simply cannot get them to fire one after the other (the first must complete before the second begins in my case). The first request is as follows (this clears the cart, and no data needs to be sent, just the URL needs to be POSTed to):  The second request is as follows (this adds a certain item and a certain quantity of said item to the cart, then redirects to checkout):  The way that I'm chaining them together looks like this (variables are populated correctly):  After much testing, I sometimes seem to have the code work correctly (maybe 1/10th of the time) so I'm led to believe it is a timing issue, although I can't say for certain as I can't consistently test to those results. My only real clue is that the functions individually work when I use .done(), but when I use .success(), they return the following:  Any help? Update I'm actually able to resolve the syntax error by explicitly specifying a datatype of 'json'. Regardless, the two functions still behave erratically, only working in the right order sometimes.","If your assessment is correct, you can simply make the functions run synchronously in order to ensure that your second function is called only when the first one has executed. Here's how you could do it:  Note the  property that tells the browser to wait for the request to complete before next function is called. You do not need to set this on the second function given that you are not expecting anything to execute after that. Also, I would suggest you use a callback in the first function rather than  as async tends to hurt user experience.  Reference: http://api.jquery.com/jquery.ajax/",0.0,1,872,1,1,1,1
125,"Go validator.v2 gives error ""unknown tag"" for regexp","I have been trying to understand why some regular expressions give me an error ""Unknown tag"" while using the validator.v2 package in golang. It works for some regular expressions but does not work with some which have ""{}"" inside them, and when I use the validator.Validate() it gives me an error at runtime ""unknown tag"". Here's the code:  which gives me the following error at runtime:  however this regex works perfectly fine  I am using the braces because of length restrictions that I want to put on the string. There could be other ways to do it, but I feel the regex is the way to go and is easier to have it along with other rules right there in the expression.","The problem appears to be the  char in your first regex.  You can see in the validator source code that the tag is split on . By UTSLing, I see no support for escaped commas in the tags; this is probably an oversight on the part of the project author. I suggest filing a bug/feature request.",,0,532,1,1,1,1
126,Serialize to XML - private properties,"I'm looking for a way to serialize a POCO that contains some read-only properties. In some Google and StackOverflow searches, I've seen the following suggestions:  use DataContractSerializer; or use SoapFormatter or BinaryFormatter; or replace my readonly properties by read/write properties;  My classes are very simple, they look like:  So,   I don't want to make my properties read/write. If they are read-only, it's because my domain model asks for read-only properties. The domain model cannot change just because of this. I don't want to use , as this would pollute my domain model with serialization-related stuff.  is not a very good option, as the result is a , and I would like to treat it as  (and I don't want to deal with Encondings and alike when Deserializing my object).  What I would really like is an XmlSerializer class capable of serializing read-only properties. Do you know of any such implementation? Or any other convenient solution? Thanks!","Well, normally  can't serialize read-only properties... however there is a possibility to serialize properties with an internal set : you need to generate the XML serialization assembly, and declare it as a ""friend"" assembly using the  attribute. You can automate this by adding the following code to your project file :  And in AssemblyInfo.cs :  Of course, you might not want the properties to have an internal set, but if you do, the solution above should work.",2.0,4,2902,4,7,1,1
127,Deleting duplicate record from table - SQL query,"I need to delete duplicate rows only from the table, like I have 3 duplicate rows in the table, my query will delete 2 rows from 3 duplicated rows. How can I get this? Please help me.","Please try the below query, it will definitely meet your objective  where test is your table name",7.0,6,22311,12,7,0,1
128,"In WPF, how do I prevent my style from being overridden?","Please don't get caught up in my example, just bear with me for the sake of the question: In my WPF application, if I wanted all TextBoxes to have a ""green"" background, I would easily set it as such in my Application.Resources.  This works PERFECTLY... (thank you WPF). However, if I had a TextBox somewhere in my application that I wanted to append a little more styling to... I LOSE my green background. Example:  That TextBox will correctly have the red Foreground when the mouse is over, but the green Background is completely lost. So, the question is: How do I tell WPF NOT to completely wipe out all styling that came from above just because I have a simple, non-conflicting, oh so tiny style added to a control somewhere?","You can inherit already overridden styles using ""BasedOn"" in the Style declaration. In the declaration for your second style, try this:  You can also base the style on a named style,  ",3.0,10,4403,13,7,1,1
129,How could I improve this C# randomising method?,"I think I've settled on this as the most simple and unit-testable method for randomising a list, but would be interested to hear of any improvements. ","You want a shuffle, and the best way to do that is the Fisher-Yates shuffle: ",4.0,4,403,17,9,1,1
130,Returning first x items from array,I want to return first 5 items from array. How can I do this?, returns a slice of an array  is the code you want in your case to return the first five elements,13.0,139,107712,273,9,0,1
131,"How do I specify ""close existing connections"" in sql script","I'm doing active development on my schema in SQL Server 2008 and frequently want to rerun my drop/create database script. When I run   I often get this error  If you right click on the database in the object explorer pane and select the Delete task from the context menu, there is a checkbox which to ""close existing connections"" Is there a way to specify this option in my script?","You can disconnect everyone and roll back their transactions with:  After that, you can safely drop the database :)",18.0,156,103616,249,9,1,1
132,"Node.js redis ""unknown command 'hset'""?","I'm new to redis, and I'm trying out various examples. However, it doesn't seem to work:  I'm using one of the example scripts on the github page for node-redis. I'm on Debian Squeeze.","The main problem is not with your code (of course it could recognize the error sent by the server) or with the node redis module but with the Redis server. You need to upgrade it to a newer version,  command is supported since version 2.0.0.",1.0,0,2808,1,3,1,1
133,How do you create a ClickOnce MS Office Outlook add-in?,"The Outlook add-ins I have created using Visual Studio 2005 don't use the ClickOnce installer, just the regular Windows Installer. (File -> New Project -> Extensibility -> Shared Add-In) I need to create the add-ins using the ClickOnce installer because as far as I know that's the only way there is to sign the add-ins so they can run in spite of Macro Security settings on the clients' computers. Can someone tell me how to create an Outlook add-in installer using ClickOnce?","Add an installer project to your solution.  That will install the application to your program files directory which is trusted by default.  It will require the end user to have admin privileged to install, but it does not require the installer files to be signed.  It is not technically a click-once install, but it works very well for office add-ins. Edit: You also need to add a reference to the addin to the registry. Check out Deploying a Visual Studio 2010 Tools for Office Solution Using Windows Installer on MSDN.  Figure 6 and the instructions preceding it describe how this is done. The actual values to add to the registry key can be a bit confusing, so here are the ones that I used which work fine:  Description:  FriendlyName:  LoadBehavior:  (indicates that the add-in should be loaded at startup of the host application) Manifest:   Also, I think that you need to add Microsoft.VisualStudio.Tools.Applications.Runtime.dll as a dependency. I don't think that it is by default.",1.0,1,2780,1,3,0,1
134,Issue with Hide / Show Jquery on fixed positioned div,"I've got a sticky footer at the bottom of the webpage / viewpoint as well as clickable link ""toggle menu"" that SHOULD hide / show the menu. Problem is that I can't get the menu to hide and I've picked up that the problem lies within the CSS of the element that is supposed to hide / show. It's the fixed position {position:fixed;} ... When I remove ""fixed"" out, then the hide and showing of the menu works 100% but obviously the menu is no longer at the bottom of the browser.  How can I get work this with the fixed positioning? Javascript to show/hide goes like:  HTML Goes like:  FYI: The position:fix; css applies to the STICKYFOOTER div","what if you hide the ""stickyfooter"" div, instead of the container?That way, the container will always be fixed (and shown), but when you hide the content, it will have nothing shown in it. ",1.0,3,3736,1,3,1,0
135,Get max and min from fields,I have two tables:  and i would like show:  Is this possible with SQL? How? :),"Read Tom's answer, this would be the best to do. Anyway, and shame on me :  you can remove MIN and MAX (and Group by) if Second can't have many rows with same first_id.",,0,129,1,3,1,1
136,How do I create a list of all occurances of a string which ends with a specific file type found in a text file?,"I'm trying to extract all of the links to image files from a text file.  All of the image files end in either .jpg or .gif, and are surrounded by quotation marks.  I want to find the first occurrence of .jpg or .gif, and then copy all of the characters between the first quotation mark located before .jpg (or .gif) and the first quotation mark found after .jpg (or.gif).  Then I want to add this link to an array or to another text file, and repeat the process for every instance of .jpg or .gif in the original text file. Here's an example of what the text file might look like:  I've just started using python and I've been stuck on this for a while.  Can anybody help me with this?  Thanks in advance for your time!",Something like the following should work:  Don't expect it to be particularly flexible or robust; for that you'd probably want an actual parser.,,-1,133,2,3,1,1
137,mysql delete triggers,"I think I read that the delete trigger doesn't know what data was deleted and loops over the whole table applying the trigger. Is that true? Does that mean that the before delete loops over the whole table before the data is deleted and after delete loops over the whole table after the delete occurs? Is there no way to loop over just the deleted records? So If 10 records are deleted loop over them?  Thanks, Mat","I think it was due to a confusion with  statement. It is only for ""matched records for the statement issued before trigger is invoked.""   If there exists  number of records in a table and matches records for , assuming  causes a result of less than  records, say , then  causes a loop for  times only.   UPDATE: A sample test run on the rows affected due to  statement is shown below.   ",,1,4071,2,3,1,1
138,Override titleize method in Ruby on Rails,"Is there a way to override the  method in RoR? For example,  does not work for names like TJ Watson. It converts 'tj watson' to Tj Watson. I would like to add such rules to it.  Also, I don't want to define a new method because my code already uses  through it. How can I add features to  without having to change the method calls throughout the code?",Put some *.rb file in your  folder with the following content:  Also check this approach: https://stackoverflow.com/a/10471857/1322562.,,0,1537,2,3,1,1
139,Period before CSS Selector for Tags,"In the following code, taken from this javascript tutorial  there is a period before the 'html'. From what I understand, the period is required for class selectors, not for tag selectors. Then why the dot? And how is it, if it is, different from     Update: My first reaction too was that it is a typo, but a quick google search revealed that this is not a one off mistake (Example, from SO itself), hence this question. Seems like this is a case of ignorance gone wild :)","             Adobe is good, But sometimes it makes mistakes.                It is a typo.",1.0,3,251,4,3,1,0
140,Php add duplicate values inside an array,"I have an array which contain multiple values inside it, all i want is to find duplicate items and add the number of times they are inside an array. Here goes an example  I want my final result to look like  and so on. EDIT | These values are dynamic i have no idea what these names going to be. Thanks","Use  and  to achieve this.   will be an associative array containing the names as keys and the number of times they occur as values, but only if they were duplicated in the  array. Here is a demo showing the correct output.",1.0,0,1420,4,3,1,1
141,Reusing subprocess object,"I have a Python script that needs to issue a number of shell commands.  I thought I could just create a subprocess object and then reuse it each time I had a command to execute. This is how I have my code set up:  (skip a lot of other code here)  However, when the code gets to the second command I get a   How do I go about reusing a subprocess object to issue commands that need to all execute within the same shell?  These commands can't be simply chained together since there is processing going on in between each call.","Create a subprocess that executes a shell, and send commands to that. You're running an empty command in the shell, which causes it to execute that empty command and then exit.  You might instead consider using  as it sounds like you are well on your way to reinventing it..",,1,1455,4,3,1,1
142,How to send SMS programatically in a professional and reliable way?,"for a project I'm working at I need to send SMS messages in a reliable way as this is a production application. The problem I have is that the application runs on the cloud and I can't use extra hardware like SMS gateways. The provider I'm using does not offer the typical mail to SMS gateway and I don't find it too reliable. Any serious solution?  Thanks. PD: I'm not looking for a free service but a reliable one. PD: I need the service for Spain and only to deliver messages, not to receive them.","Your specific question about reliability probably depends on the geographical region you are sending to. Hopefully more devs can offer real life experience. Twilio does have a big user base and usually this suggests the service is good http://techcrunch.com/2012/06/05/twilio-passes-a-milestone-100000-developers-for-its-voip-sms-platform/ Also see this previous SO entry https://stackoverflow.com/questions/2528919/sms-gateway-service-provider-with-php-api Choosing a provider does also depend on what countries you require coverage for, whether you require the ability to send and receive, and if you want a dedicated shortcode. There are a whole bunch of companies offering web based APIs for sending SMS including a bunch of operators offering a service. These tend to offer different international coverage with most having the best coverage in particular regions. The cost of the services also varies with setup fees varying between companies and depending on if you require a dedicated shortcode set up. Here are some of the better known companies offering SMS web API services Twilio - US coverage for send and receive but currently running an international beta program https://www.twilio.com/international-sms, no setup fees or minimum contract for the standard service however there is a 3 month minimum if you want to use a short code. Tropo - US coverage for send and receive and it is possible to send SMS message to international numbers but not receive.  Zeep - US only coverage and send only, with a minimum monthly spend and using a Zeep shortcode.  Nexmo - No setup fee or minimum monthly fees. Provides international coverage with currently a low rate on SMS sending in the US. Limited country coverage for receiving SMS. MediaBurst - UK based company with International coverage for send and receive SMS APIs. Note that ""international coverage"" does not necessarily include all US carriers (for example) but the majority. They give a fixed price of £0.05 per SMS with bulk pricing. Does not seem to support custom short codes. There are also some operators offering web based APIs for sending SMS through their network including: Bluevia offer a unique profit share model where the developer shares the profits of the sent (or received) sms, however the coverage is limited to Telefonica networks in some European and South American countries (see https://bluevia.com/en/page/tech.overview.countries). They also offer payment and location APIs. The recently launched OneAPI is available on the three major operators in Canada and is to be rolled out to different countries soon. This gives access to sending and receiving SMS as well as some other things like payment and location. The cost for sending and receiving SMS depends on the operator.",5.0,3,9226,7,3,0,0
143,synchronous messages from service to UI layer,"is the order of a broadcast intent guaranteed? that is, if i do,  are the receivers guaranteed to get intent1 before intent2? i suspect the answer to this is no, but in that case, i'm not quite sure how to solve my problem. i'm trying to create a ""busy"" indicator for my app that shows busy when the device is talking on the network, and then goes away when the network communication is done. all network communication happens in an intent service. my attempt at this was to send a BUSY_START intent when i begin network communication in the service, and a BUSY_STOP when network communication ends. this seems to mostly work, but i'm finding occasionally that i get the stop and start messages out of order. is there a better way to solve this problem? i'm thinking of adding an ID to each busy intent, so they can be paired. that way if i receive a start for which i've already received a stop, i can ignore it. or, perhaps more simply, add an integer sequence number into each broadcast. if i ever receive a broadcast for which the sequence of the current intent is less than the sequence of the last received intent, ignore it.","Answering my own question ... At least one viable alternative to intents is to execute messaging through the application class, i.e.,  create a listener interface Manager a collection of listener objects in the application / provide methods to add / remove listener Interested entities call the application methods to add / remove themselves as listeners Add ""notify"" methods in the application, that call the appropriate listener interface method on each of the registered listeners Services call the application's notification methods to  For example,  Now, from your activity (or fragment),  And in your service,  This provides synchronous messaging without using intents or static variables.",,1,527,0,4,1,1
144,Get leaf nodes - XML parsing in Java,Is it possible to parse an XML and get all the leaf nodes ?  My output should be  name age branch,Use this XPath expression to find alle elements which have no other elements as childs: .  Result is ,1.0,4,3754,8,2,1,1
145,Change title of UINavigationController when UIPageViewController changes,I have a storyboard in Xcode5 where I have a  that has a  which is linked to a . From that last  the rest ( and  is created programmatically in the respective classes. See the screenshot.  The problem is setting the title of the  when the page of the  changes. I want the title to reflect a  on the  class but I am not sure how to accomplish this.  I have already tried using an  set in the  but there is no method which gets called every time the user swipes to left or right for another page (when using the scroll type). I guess if I have a place to put the  so that it gets called every time the users changes the page it solves my problem. Hopefully someone can give me a pointer where to look or what method or delegate to use.,"I had to do exactly this in the app I'm currently working on.   First ensure you have set self.pageViewController.delegate to self. Here's what I did:  The 'secret' is that (at least in the simple swipe-left-right case with full-screen sized pages I have) that self.pageViewController.viewControllers[0] is the 'current' page. To use your property rather than the navigationItem title, then just change the last line to something like self.navigationItem.title = ((MyViewController*)vc).myProperty;",2.0,10,3580,12,2,1,1
146,Rank mongodb collection items based on ids in another collection,I have two collections in MongoDB Collection B includes a manual link to an item in collection A eg: A     { _id: 1234 } B     { a_id: 1234 } I want to retrieve a rank of A items based on how many B items link to them. ,It looks like the aggregation framework might be your answer. A query like this should do it ,1.0,0,49,1,3,0,1
147,find_or_create_by with attribute which presence: true in Rails,"I have the following User model:  When I do:  I was doing @user.nil? In order to see if the user is there, but it is not acting as I thought:  Why is a user gets created, even though not saved in the DB? How can I make sure that the @user is ""nil""? @user.id.nil? Thanks","The User record was not saved because it has a blank email (""""), so the presence validation fails. You can check the error messages with . With Active record calling  (or one of its derivatives) will return a new record if the save operation fails (including validations). If you want an Error to be raised when the User record is invalid you can use , with a bang(!). I would suggest this newer syntax which is compatible with Rails 4:  Which method you choose depends on how you want your application to behave.",,0,169,1,3,1,1
148,dup2 in child persistent to parent,"I have a weird issue with a server written in C. I have a function that is treating each client that connects to my server, so this function calls a fork() for each connection that the server receives. The issue is that I have other forks inside that  that are supposed to write an 's output inside a file that I created .I  that file's descriptor with stdout so that the output can be read from the file inside the parent right after the second child process (the one with  call) dies.  The desired output is simmilar to this :   The code does not produce the desired output. It becomes stuck after DUP2 and the rest of the output is redirected towards the file. But if i replace the  line with the function block the code works as it should. Why is this happening ? Another weird issue is that the message  is also printed in the file and not on the screen .","When the second child is finished, it should  instead of returning. ",0.0,0,472,1,3,1,1
149,Regular expression to parse template blocks in HTML,"I have the following block in my HTML file   above is an array that contains data like so:  There are other blocks with diferrent BEGIN/FINSIH array names and different {elements} so, I need a regular expression that will go over the entire file and look for blocks like that one and then go over each of the values in it and replace them with actual values… My final output should be:  The  tags are not fixed, in some blocks I use , etc. I now have this code:  But the first one does not  any data, only , and I know that everything above is valid data. I get these errors:  Notice: Undefined index: firstname in /home/content/v/i/r... on line 96 Notice: Undefined index: lastname in /home/content/v/i/r... on line 96  I do not want to use a framework like codeIgniter, cakePHP, Zend, or the like.", Each block template match is passed to  and replaced by its output. The block name is used to get a global array of that name. Each item of this array is used as an associative array to instantiate the template – placeholders are replaced with corresponding values from the item. All template instances are concatenated. This requires PHP 5.3.0 because of anonymous function use. This could be worked-around using .,,1,452,1,3,1,1
150,PDO prepared statement (update) is not working,"I have this function inside a class. The insert is like exactly the same query (but with the INSERT obviously) and it works perfect. I am trying now to update the database with the properties that the object has and it's not updating, it echoes ""Rows not updated"" I have tried everything and I have compared my code with examples that work and I dont know why it's not working! It's driving me nuts. CODE:  Just know that the errorInfo returns NULL, like if there was not any SQL Sintax Error!","Put colons here:  Should be:  Make sure, the  and  don't lead to any syntax errors. Update The word Order is reserved in SQL. Escape it with backticks: ",,0,103,2,3,1,1
151,Assigning a Property to a Function Reference in JavaScript,"I have the following constructor:  I create a new object with it  Then assign the getAge method to a variable reference  this from the original constructor function now refers to myReference.  I then add the following  But when I run myReference(), the browser returns undefined.  I ran the following to debug  And only see the getAge function; the age property is not present.  Why is the myReference.age assignment not being applied?","When you run your ""myReference"" function, you're running it without any context.  Therefore, in the function the value of  will either be the global context () or . If you do this:  you'd get 99. That's because you'd be explicitly telling the runtime system to call the function with  set to the function itself. You could also do this:  That should also work. Of course, this is a fairly confusing way to do things, and it's not really idiomatic JavaScript.  The thing to note is that  is determined by the way a function is called, not how the function is defined. Also,  generally has nothing to do with the function itself unless you do something to arrange that (and that's kind-of weird). You could also use  to create a bound version of the ""getAge"" function. If you want a function bound to the instance (which I think makes sense), you'd do this:  Now setting the ""age"" property on ""myReference"" won't affect the property on the instance:  But setting the property on the instance will: ",,1,49,3,3,1,1
152,Play fails to load custom log back appender,I have created a custom logback appender. But play gives a ClassNotFound exception for the appender. Following is my appender  The following is my logger.xml  I am getting the following stacktrace  I have checked that the appender class does compile and also checked the compiled byte code. Why does not play pick it up?,It seems that play's dynamically compiled classes in dev mode are not available for logback. I'm struggling with the same issue. Putting my custom appender to a separate jar file works for me. I assume in prod with staged final jar files this should not be a problem. ,2.0,19,2792,13,3,1,0
153,jQuery setTimeout ajax recursive function throwing error after short while in instant messaging program,"Like the title says, I'm writing an instant messaging program using jquery, ajax, mysql and php.  Currently, I have a database with a table ""switchboard"" that contains the fields mid*, from, to, message, timestamp, read I have a function that uses setTimeout to recursively check every 1 to 3 seconds for new unread messages that is as follows:    Right now I'm only testing, so checker_from and check_to correspond to radio buttons that contain a username. Using two browser windows I am attempting to send messages from one window to the other, however, after a while, the console shows consistent POST failures.  Is this a memory leak, or something else.  any help would be greatly appreciated","Please consider using Node.js and Socket.IO.  It is much more efficient.  My book goes over how to do this in full detail, but there are many Node/Chat demonstrations on the web.  You could just use Node for the chat server and PHP for everything else. The reason you are seeing POST errors is probably due to the constant polling that you are doing.  Browsers generally have a limit on the number of concurrent connections to a given server.  Traditionally, a domain was limited to 2 concurrent connections, although that is changed now in some browsers (I'm thinking Chrome).  I suspect your are seeing errors when the POSTs start to ""run over"" each other and exceed the limit.  Besides, polling like this will quickly kill a server in a mult-user system. Instead of constantly polling, you want something that handles push messaging, like web sockets and long-polling fall-back. The Socket.IO and Strophie libraries provide this.  I have experience with Strophie/XMPP - and I can confirm that it is a LOT more complicated. Socket.IO scales easily to thousands (or tens of thousands) per server.  The solution you are currently pursuing is nowhere near as scalable :)",1.0,2,284,0,4,1,0
154,Firefox - CSS Table TR/TD background issue,"I've got a problem with table TR/TD background in Firefox. I've got table with dynamic content loaded via ajax. When I load content, I mark with green background some of the table rows. I attach a background to each TD in the row but when I check how it works in Firefox I get background only under text in td. (in chrome it's working very well on whole td size). http://i.stack.imgur.com/Hv3Z5.jpg url to site: http://www.creas.pl/company/apps/moraman/Shipping/CzechRepublic Table:  Part of CSS: ",Use  instead of . Check this Fiddle. Your code works for me (chrome 32 + firefox 26 + ie > 8),,0,1584,0,4,1,1
155,Find user who launched NSRunningApplication,"How can I retrieve this info? Given a  instance, I need to know who launched it. Activity Monitor shows this info.","If you just need the name of the user who launched an instance of , here's a category method that should do it: ",,0,359,2,4,1,1
156,htaccess - using codeigniter framework,I search a lot websites and lots of links and i follow the same for enable htacces in wamp but facing the problem and now as default use index.php even when i run the page without index.php its not working even msg comes page not found on server i already enable in apache module also the httpd.conf file remove the # sign from rewrite module and i use the mention below code in htaccess file for codeigniter for suggestions i share htaccess code   please suggest so i can solve this issue on wamp server ,Try this code in your htaccess : ,,1,94,2,4,1,1
157,How to combine result of two each iterators into one JSON array of objects,"I am trying to produce the following JSON structure:  There are about 25 objects within the events array, but to make this shorter I've only included two here. For the moment I'm only trying to create the ""sub-objects"" of background and text within the master object. I am scraping this Wikipedia page with Node and the request and cheerio libraries: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Timeline_of_the_Middle_Ages The first part of my code (below) uses the request library to gather together all the links to other pages from the main Wikipedia ""landing page"":  The second part uses Promise.all in order to ensure that the array of image urls is constructed in the same order as the array of scraped page urls:  The third part of the code is the bit I'm struggling with:  I can't find a way integrate the two different each iterators (one gathering the text data from the ""local"" landing page, and the other gathering the image urls from each ""remote"" Wikipedia destination page).  My last attempt (of many) generates this output when I run the file in the terminal with console.log(data);  How can I solve this problem? I've completely run out of ideas now! Thanks!","for the background property part: in , you overwrite in each loop the same  property. If you are sure that  and  are in same order (and have same number of elements), you can acces by numeric index:  i can elaborate if you have problems with other parts, but try to be precise in your questions please ;) EDIT for the update: unfortunately, this needs some changes if they don't have the same length. You'll need some way to identify the rows to find them back. To stay simple, i will only consider that you parse one table at a time (i see the wiki splits them by centuries in different tables). If you want to get all the tabless, you will need another way to track the table like with the row. this would be done using associative arrays for example, with a key formatted as such  fortunately, you can identify rows index with jquery (i commented all to highlight the changes made):  then for the rest, you want to sort the array the same way:  finally, you have to test the existence of the image in the array before you fill it (you have to proceed the other way round and loop on data.events, because javascript is not good with arrays with numeric index and ""holes"" in it) ",,0,209,3,2,1,1
158,Symfony not create file by touch( ),"I want to creat file this path : /var/logs/filename.fileextension . But ı dont create file ı have error ->Failed to touch ""/var/logs/file.txt"". My Codes:  ", touch() sets access and modification time for a file. The current time   is used by default. You can set your own with the second argument. The   third argument is the access time:  So touch doesnt create a new file according to the docs. read http://symfony.com/doc/current/components/filesystem.html if you want to create a file you need to use the function dumpFile();  dumpFile() allows you to dump contents to a file. It does this in an atomic manner: it writes a temporary file first and then moves it   to the new file location when it's finished. This means that the user   will always see either the complete old file or complete new file (but   never a partially-written file):  read http://symfony.com/doc/current/components/filesystem.html This code should create a new empty file. ,1.0,0,2586,3,2,1,1
159,Why a python pacakge is shown as a module in python 3.5?,"I am not very familiar with python. I am using  with python 3.5. This may be a naive question. In the  folder, I can see a  file. So the  should be a package according to the doc. But when I run below code, it says  is a module.  Shouldn't it be  instead of ?","All Python packages are of type . From the docs:  Technically, a package is a Python module with a  attribute.  ",1.0,1,35,4,2,1,1
160,How to use custom password validators beside the django auth password validators?,"As the question above mentioned, I will trying to use a certain extra rule to validate a password during the registration process.  The extra rule should be that a password is validate if it has at least one digit, one letter and one special character.  My approach to solute this problem I've created a file named validators.py.   My custom registration form looks like this:   I don't get it how I tell django, that my custom password validator should be use beside the django AUTH_PASSWORD_VALIDATORS.","So, as e4c5 mentioned, it is really simple and straightforward.  My CustomPasswordValidator looks like this:   Just add it to the list of AUTH_PASSWORD_VALIDATORS in settings.py and that's it! ",6.0,8,6000,17,2,1,1
161,"Selenium ""Unable to find a matching set of capabilities"" despite driver being in /usr/local/bin","I'm trying to follow a tutorial about Selenium, http://selenium-python.readthedocs.io/getting-started.html. I've downloaded the latest version of  and copied it to . However, when I try  I get the following error message:  From https://github.com/SeleniumHQ/selenium/issues/3884, it seems like other users are experiencing similar issues, but the Selenium team is unable to reproduce it. How can I get Selenium working with Firefox? (It does work with  and a  instance, so I suspect this might be a bug in Selenium).","Updating Firefox and Selenium solved it for me. I don't pretend to have an explanation for the root cause however.  Updated Firefox 48 → 53 Updated to Selenium 3.4.1  I also reinstalled/updated  using  and explicitly used it as an executable for Selenium , but it turned out that it wasn't necessary to mitigate the ""Unable to find matching set of capabilities"" error.",4.0,40,71384,27,2,1,1
162,"How can I resolve ""cannot find symbol ... "" in Android Studio","I'm trying to learn android on android developer website. However I encounter an error when following their lecture. It seems that the findViewByID cannot resolve R.id.editText despite I'm just typing from their website. Can someone helps, thanks  Here is the error message: ""Error:(22, 57) error: cannot find symbol variable editText"".", It seems that the findViewByID cannot resolve R.id.editText  You are probably missing to define  id as .  YourCurrentActivity.java ,,0,1352,0,3,1,1
163,CSS global variable change with js, How can i change  and  with JS? This is my example code. or   How can I reach the border-left-color JavaScript code? I have a dynamically changing color value. I have to apply this. How can I do it ? EDIT  main.css // this my css file @Álvaro-gonzález ,"here is the answer to your question. So if you want to change value of any variable from linked question, you nee to do something like:  Of course indexes of arrays must be double checked of iterated for finding corresponding selector",,0,637,1,3,1,1
164,Using a boost::numeric::ublas::vector directly as function argument without initialization,"I am trying something which I would think is relatively simple but am at a loss how to do it. I have a function which as an argument takes a boost::numeric::ublas::vector, instead of having to declare the vector beforehand I want to be able to just declare it inside the function as rvalue, is this possible with boost::numeric::ublas::vector? Now I do it like this  I would like to do it something like this, which is possible for normal std::vectors with list initialization.  Is this possible or can't you do it with boost::numeric::ublas::vector this way?","Quoting from the uBLAS FAQ:  uBLAS is more than 10 years old and missed all new stuff from C++11.   So it seems unlikely that list initialization will be added. If you need to use uBLAS and want list-initialization, I suggest implementing a helper function for that.",,0,131,1,3,1,0
165,how to mock a method call using moq,My unit testing method is as follows   The Actual method  in BO is as follows   I want to mock the method call     How Can I achieve this ? I am not getting enough examples online . I am using Moq library. Can someone help ?,Current code is too tightly coupled to implementation concerns to make it easy to test in isolation. Reviewing the method under test revealed the following dependencies that were abstracted  Their respective implementations would wrap/implement the desired functionality in production. The abstractions would now allow the method under test to be refactored as below.  Note how not much has actually changed in the method itself apart from changing the tight coupling of  to the inject dependency. Now the class is more flexible and can be tested in isolation where you have complete control of the dependencies and their behavior.  Check Moq Quickstart for more on how to setup the desired behavior on the mocks.,0.0,2,6208,3,3,1,1
166,Syntax for passing data into an Angular Directive,"I've got a directive in an Angular3 Dart project:  Now when I'm using this directive:  How do I pass in the  and  fields? The cheatsheat mentions this example: , but doesn't state what the  part should look like. These are the ones I've already tried, but none of them compiles.  Any idea how these expressions should be structured?", or  with  or  update There needs to be an  that matches the selector of the directive  and a value needs to be passed  then after that value assignments for other inputs can be added.,1.0,1,98,4,3,1,1
167,How can I create a Xylophone program using pygame mixer or pyaudio?,I want to create a Xylophone using pygame. I have created the image and split the image according to different notes. I need to upload sounds to those particular note sections of xylophone. Please help me with adding sounds. ,I used pyaudio and wave library(built in library) along with pygame to create xylophone.Pyaudio has advanced tools for audio processing as compared with pygame mixer. You can refer my code here: https://github.com/hackmaster0110/Xylophone/tree/master/PurePython,0.0,-1,74,0,4,0,0
168,Trouble with WP child theme,I wonder how if I have already changed the content of my wordpress site theme how can I create child theme from it so I don't need create the entire site from the begining?,By using below plugin. you can create child theme. https://wordpress.org/plugins/child-theme-configurator/,,-1,35,0,4,0,0
169,Reload same page several times in Blogger/Blogspot will reduce bounce rate?,"I'm trying to make a simple pagination in Blogger with Javascript. The idea is hiding the second paragraph, and show it when we click a button (and hide the first paragraph when we do so). The page will also be reloaded everytime the button clicked. So, if my visitor reload the same page for several times, will it improve the bounce rate? Since it's the same URL. It's a bit different with other self-hosted blog because they have different URL for each page. Something like:  domain.com/the-title?page=2 domain.com/the-title?page=3   domain.com/the-title?page=4  ...etc Also, will it affect the SEO? Is everything I hid in second paragraph will be invisible in Google search result?","The answer is NO. Let me explain the reasons why: 1.The bounce rate is increased when a user visits your page and leaves without interacting with your site / visiting another page. 2.Refreshing the page does not start a new session/pageview. No matter how many times they visit your site they will re-open the exact same session for 30mins. 3.Javascript refresh or meta refresh does not count as user interaction. You may also want to read more about Google and Javascripts. Google can read your content even if you use javascript or refresh for Dynamic content.  (http://searchengineland.com/tested-googlebot-crawls-javascript-heres-learned-220157) 4.Hiding any texts from the user is never a good idea. You may apply it in times that you need specific KPIs for clicks of buttons or cases like that but... can't you just use heatmaps or even better seperate content? Anyway, if you use it on a high percent of your content you might have Cloaking problems.(https://support.google.com/webmasters/answer/66355) So it will not affect your bounce rate. You might get cloaking warning if you apply this on the majority of your website. It might also be considered a problematic user experience and lower your techincal seo scores (page load times etc.). As you can see you might only get problems by using such methods. I would suggest you to not proceed with the idea.",,-1,500,0,4,0,0
170,Json from two mysql tables in PHP require output in hierarchy,"I have Two Tables,  1 - Category  2 - Sub Category  I want results like that in Json:-      I am using below code! Can anyone help me to correct my code & get output like that I mention above! i tried many times. but not get the solution! Please help me to get output like directory form. Thanks ","Wouldn't this be enough?  Edit: After more explanation in comments, the required PHP array structure (to give the expected JSON string) should look like: ",,0,106,0,4,1,1
171,How to retrieve element from a groupby DataFrame given index,"Context: my DataFrame contains the following columns: HapID, Marker, Start_position, End_position. For each HapID, I'd like to get: - the marker having the minimum Start_position (that is called leftMarker) - the marker having the maximum End_position (that is called rightMarker) - Interval being the difference (maximum End_position - minimum Start_position) My issue is how to retrieve the marker names now that I know their index. I got the error below and I'm not sure how to sort it out although I've spent hours on it. Here is the error message  AttributeError: Cannot access callable attribute 'iloc' of 'SeriesGroupBy' objects, try using the 'apply' method  Below is the data  this is the expected output  Code:  Now, the problem is how to retrieve the markers at those positions for each haplotype ",I think you need to retrieve the markers from the original dataframe. ,0.0,2,376,1,1,1,1
172,Yii2 - Assign on click event to an anchor tag in return value of a function,"I am new to Yii2 and web programming so excuse perhaps my lack of knowledge or even dumb requestions. I have divided my site into 4 div container. In one container (#untenrechts(edited: lowerright)) i use a grid view and if i click on ""customer_name""(edited) i want to refresh another container (#obenlinks(edited: #upperleft)) with the detail view of the chosen customer(edited) without reloading the complete page, just the container. At the moment it only works with manually reloading to show the selected details of the chosen customer(edited). I have problems to get the syntax in the return value of the anonymous function. I just dont get it, how to use the onclick event here.  I searched a lot and the best result i got was this one here: Yii2: Assigning javascript event to anchor tag in yii2 But that is my problem. This solution isnt part of a return value. So i hope some friendly guys here could help me to get the right way or understanding of that. Thanks in forward Edit: I have to apologize, because i posted questions as to look for project_detail, but i need the customer_detail. No great difference in code, but for understanding my problem. I also changed the div container names to english ones, for better understanding. I updated my question. I now tried to implement the given suggestions and posted (hopefully) all relevant code. Now i just get an #404 Error. Sadly i need more help to understand this line:  The link always tries to call ""/site/#."". I tried other adresses, but get always the same error.  _LIST.PHP  PRODUCTIONSITE.PHP  SITECONTROLLER.PHP ","It is the third parameter for the  that renders all options provided as  pair as the attributes of the resulting tag you are adding it in the  parameter . It should be like   So if you want to add  attribute to the anchor it should go into the third parameter of the  function as  pair taking the attribute name(onclick) and the value(javascript function or statement) for it.  Now looking to your problem you need to   Bind the click event to the anchors by assigning a common class, and make an ajax call that should send the  of the currently clicked link and in the success function, it should update the  of the  in which you are showing the .  update your  column definition in  to the following  add the following to the top of your view file . Update the url to the relevant path   Add an action to your controller get the  from the ajax request and fetch the project details from table against that  and pass it to the view but use  instead of . See  for the difference.  Example action   Create a view that should have a  and show the details of the selected model.  should be similar to the following add the table attributes ",,-1,1950,1,1,1,1
173,MsSql Compare specific datetimes in sequence based on ID,"I have a table where we store our data from a call and it looks like this:  Now I want to select the datediff between ActivitytypeID 21 and 29 in the arrive_sew order. In this example they occur twice (on arrive_seq 3,8 and 7,12). This order is not specific and ActivitytypeID can occur both more and less times in the sequence but they are always connected with eachother. Think of it as . In the example the answer whould be:  I have tried with this code but it doesn't work all the time due to row# can change based on arrive_seq and ActivitytypeID ",I think this is what you want:  Result:  Note that the time of the second call is based on your sample data with start time 2018-01-01 06:05:00,0.0,2,40,1,1,1,1
174,Ionic - AlertController instance is throwing undefined error,"I have a function within my page component and once its executes, it will check if email exists in Firebase database or not. If yes, I want to display an alert controller showing the error message.  For some reason I am unable to do so because of an error I am getting. Code is below:  and the error I am getting upon entering an email and submitting the form:  Am I missing something here? I am literally using the same code available on Ionic official documentation to generate the alert.  The link is here: Ionic Documentation for Alert Controller Note: I am using Ionic version 3.19.1","When you're inside a callback function  refers to something else than you may expect. Inside the callback  is the function that you're in, not the context from which it was called. There are many ways to ensure you can still call functions on the original context. Probably the simplest one is to give the original  another name:  For a much longer explanation on  problem, see How to access the correct `this` inside a callback?. The accepted answer there also contains some of the other common solutions for the problem.",,0,749,1,1,1,1
175,HtmlAgilityPack selecting childNodes not as expected,"I am attempting to use the HtmlAgilityPack library to parse some links in a page, but I am not seeing the results I would expect from the methods. In the following I have a HtmlNodeCollection of links.  For each link I want to check if there is an image node and then parse its attribures but the SelectNodes and SelectSingleNode methods of linkNode seems to be searching the parent document not the childNodes of linkNode what gives?  Is there any other way I could get the alt attribute of the image childnode of linkNode if it exists?","You should remove the forwardslash prefix from ""/img[@alt]"" as it signifies that you want to start at the root of the document. ",5.0,38,23858,41,5,1,1
176,Concatenate integers in C#,Is there an inexpensive way to concatenate integers in csharp? Example:  1039 & 7056 = 10397056,"If you can find a situation where this is expensive enough to cause any concern, I'll be very impressed:  Or, if you want it to be a little more "".NET-ish"":  int.Parse is not an expensive operation. Spend your time worrying about network I/O and O^N regexes. Other notes: the overhead of instantiating StringBuilder means there's no point if you're only doing a few concatenations. And very importantly - if you are planning to turn this back into an integer, keep in mind it's limited to ~2,000,000,000. Concatenating numbers gets very large very quickly, and possibly well beyond the capacity of a 32-bit int. (signed of course).",7.0,35,60906,65,5,0,1
177,Table row and column number in jQuery,"How do I get the row and column number of the clicked table cell using jQuery, i.e.,  ","You can use the Core/index function in a given context, for example you can check the index of the TD in it's parent TR to get the column number, and you can check the TR index on the Table, to get the row number:  Check a running example here.",42.0,141,234498,217,5,1,1
178,C# - Using LINQ to take two variables into a 2-dimensional array?,"I have a list<> of an ""region"" class with two variables, ""startLocation"" and ""endLocation"". I'd like to combine those two into a new sorted 2 dimensional array where its just Location and an integer representing whether its start or an end. For example, if the list has three region objects with  [Region 1] : startLocation = 5,   endLocation = 7 [Region 2] : startLocation = 3,   endLocation = 5 [Region 3] : startLocation = 8,   endLocation = 9  I'd like to get a sorted two dimensional array (or list or similar) looking like:  [3]  [1] [5]  [1] [5]  [-1] [7]  [-1] [8]  [1] [9]  [-1]  (preferably i'd like the overlaps to add their second values together, so the two separate 5's in the array would be combined into [5  0]...but that's not too important) I'm currently using a regular forloop going through each one by one and adding them to a list one at a time. This implementation is quite slow because I'm working with large datasets, and I'm guessing there's a more elegant / faster way to accomplish this through LINQ. Any suggestions would be much appreciated.",You'll need to define a helper method which splits a region into 2 parts and it's much easier to represent this using a new struct vs. a 2D array  Then you can use the following LINQ query to break them up and sort them.  ,1.0,6,2827,5,6,0,1
179,strategy pattern in C#,"I've been going through Head First Design Patterns (just came in recently) and I was reading about the strategy pattern, and it occurred to me that it might be a great way to implement a common way of calculating taxes etc. on all of the particular objects I use at work, but I had a question about it. Here's what I was thinking:  You may have noticed that there is no declaration of FederalTaxRate and that's what I wanted to ask. Where should that go?   Passing it in to the constructor for each concrete ITax seems redundant and would allow for incorrect behaviour (all tax calculators must share the exact same federal tax rate). Likewise, creating a member of ITax would allow them to be inconsistent as well.   Should all tax calculators inherit from some other class where it's defined statically as well as ITax? ","I think this is a common case of pattern abuse.  If you check your two ""strategies"", they do EXACTLY the same thing. The only thing that changes is the ProvincialTaxRate. I'd keep things DRY and don't overuse this pattern (or any other), here you gain a little bit of flexibility, but then you also have 2 classes that don't pull their weights, and probably You Ain't Gonna Need that flexibility. This is common when you learn a new technology or insight, you want to apply it everywhere (it happens to every one of us), even if doing it harms the code readability and maintainability. My opinion: keep it simple Regards EDIT (In response to the author comment on my answer) I did not try to make fun of you, or anyone. This is a common mistake, I did it MANY times, and learned it the hard way, not only with patterns but also with fancy frameworks, servers, new buzzword technologies, you name it. The authors of the book themselves warn the readers not to overuse patterns, and the upvotes in this answer clearly indicate something too. But if for some reason you still want to implement the pattern, here's my humble opinion:  Make a superclass for both strategies, this superclass would be abstract and should contain the shared rate value of their child strategies (FederalTaxRate) Inherit and implement the abstract method ""Calculate"" in each subclass (here you'll see that both methods are the same, but let's continue) Try to make each concrete strategy immutable, always favor immutability as Joshua Bloch says. For that, remove the setter of ProvincialTaxRate and specify the value on it's constructor or directly in its declaration. Lastly, I'd create some static factory methods in the StrategySuperclass so that you decouple your clients from the implementations or concrete strategies (that can very well be protected classes now)  Edit II: Here's a pastie with some (pseudo) code to make the solution a bit more clear http://pastie.org/441068 Hope it helps Regards",1.0,10,1506,22,8,1,0
180,How often do ASP.NET developers NOT use Visual Studio design mode?,"We are developing an ASP.NET application.  We retained an outside UI design firm, and for the most part have been very pleased with their work.  Their ""deliverable"" to us was clickable screens -- Visual Studio solutions with ASPX files, images, master pages, etc.  The screens were not connected to any data source.  They had dummy data so that we could see how the UI worked. One problem we've run into is that our developers are used to using Visual Studio design mode.  The pages we receive from the UI firm have problems sometimes when we pull them up into design mode.  The consultant's developers coded these screens without using design mode. We assumed they'd be using design mode, but this wasn't specified in the contract.  Was this too much to assume?  Is there a lot of ASP.NET development work that never goes through VS design mode?  Third party edit:  Suggestion: people responding to this question should specify which version of Visual Studio they're using, as Microsoft trashed the code base that was in the VS2005 and earlier designers, and replaced it with the one they purchased when they purchased the Expression products. The two are totally unrelated, and the new one is far better. - John Saunders ","The more and more you work with Visual Studio, the less and less you rely on Design Mode. Complicated UIs tend to make the design view look atrocious.",2.0,5,3044,24,11,0,0
181,apc vs eaccelerator vs xcache,"Im doing research on which one of these to use and I can't really find one that stands out.  Eaccelerator is faster than APC, but APC is better maintained. Xcache is faster but the others have easier syntax. Anyone have recommendations on which to use and why?","APC is going to be included in PHP 6, and I'd guess it has been chosen for good reason :) It's fairly easy to install and certainly speeds things up.",35.0,105,102477,110,11,0,0
182,What are database normal forms and can you give examples?,"In relational database design, there is a concept of database normalization or simply normalization, which is a process of organizing columns (attributes) and tables (relations) to reduce data redundancy and improve data integrity. (as written on Wikipedia). As most articles are somewhat technical and thus harder to understand, I'm asking for someone to write an easier to understand explanation based on examples about what 1NF, 2NF, 3NF, even 3.5NF (Boyce-Codd) mean.","1NF is the most basic of normal forms - each cell in a table must contain only one piece of information, and there can be no duplicate rows. 2NF and 3NF are all about being dependent on the primary key. Recall that a primary key can be made up of multiple columns. As Chris said in his response: The data depends on the key [1NF], the whole key [2NF] and nothing but the key [3NF] (so help me Codd). 2NF Say you have a table containing courses that are taken in a certain semester, and you have the following data:  This is not in 2NF, because the fourth column does not rely upon the entire key - but only a part of it. The course name is dependent on the Course's ID, but has nothing to do with which semester it's taken in. Thus, as you can see, we have duplicate information - several rows telling us that IT101 is programming, and IT102 is Databases. So we fix that by moving the course name into another table, where CourseID is the ENTIRE key.  No redundancy! 3NF Okay, so let's say we also add the name of the teacher of the course, and some details about them, into the RDBMS:  Now hopefully it should be obvious that TeacherName is dependent on TeacherID - so this is not in 3NF. To fix this, we do much the same as we did in 2NF - take the TeacherName field out of this table, and put it in its own, which has TeacherID as the key.  No redundancy!! One important thing to remember is that if something is not in 1NF, it is not in 2NF or 3NF either. So each additional Normal Form requires everything that the lower normal forms had, plus some extra conditions, which must all be fulfilled.",215.0,280,245845,438,23,0,1
183,Using server side method in an external JavaScript file,"In a c# aspx project. I can reach a static method on client side with importing my namespace at the beginning part of the page, as follows.  And than in can use that on client side of the same asxp page like.  My question is, can i use that '<%= utl.getcategoryName().ToString() %>' in an external javascript file ? Is it possible something like that ?  and in the trial.js file  thanks in advance..","I don't think so, because the external .JS file wouldn't be processed by ASP.NET and therefore wouldn't have access to those kinds of variables.",1.0,1,3735,1,1,1,0
184,IE looping infinitely when using Authorize,"I'm developing a Facebook app, and i only want to allow access to certain views if the visitor is authorized through Facebook. This should be a pretty simple task, and i thought is was, until i tried it out in IE. The following code works fine in Chrome and Safari. I want to use Forms authentication, and therefore i have set  in web.config. This will direct the visitor to the following ActionResult when entering my app:  Then the user is redirected to a Facebook page, and an access token is sent back into my OAuth ActionResult:  What i am trying to do here, is to first verify if the token i get back from the redirect is valid. If it is, then i pull some data about the visitor, like FacebookID and Name. I then match it with my database, to see if the user already exists, and if not, i create one. I also assign a role for the user in my custom Role provider, but i had the infinite loop problem before this. Then i set  and i assume this is the core of keeping track of wheter a visitor is authorized or not. As far as i understand, when the visitor is trying to call a ActionResult that requires [Authorize] then the system will check for this cookie. Well, could someone please clarify why the above code is working in Chrome/Safari, but keeps looping through Login and then OAuth infinitely in IE? My app is using MVC 3, EF Code First and Facebook C# SDK 5.0.25","Okay, so i figured out that the problem was triggered by the [Authorize] annotation, as expected. The Facebook SDK has a [CanvasAuthorize] annotation, and when i switch to using this, IE works fine and does not login forever. Before this, i tried using cookieless authentication, but IE still didn't want to play along. As far as i have figured out, the problem occurs because Facebook apps are inside an IFrame. This supposedly screws something up with cookies and trust. If someone knows why this is, i would appreciate to hear about it. Also, if anyone knows how to use and maintain roles, easily, with this [CanvasAuthorize], i would be glad to know.",,1,1373,1,1,1,0
185,Codeigniter not sending through JangoSMTP,"I am trying to send an email using codeigniter through JangoSMTP and for whatever reason the script takes about 60-70 seconds then gives me an error on the last portion of the process, the send. Here is CI's debug..  Here is the simple code I am using to send in a sandbox controller..  I tested this exact same thing with my regular email host and creds and it popped one off perfectly. I don't have any IP restrictions or From: restrictions at Jango. I am authing only as username/pass. My CI Version is 2.0.0 I am at the end of my wits!! My Email.php class file is un-edited.","See here The problem is likely due to the fact that CodeIgniter defaults to using LF as the line terminator, rather than CRLF required by RFC.  Add this code: ",,0,693,1,1,1,1
186,Silverlight Won't Load PivotViewer Collection,"I'm trying to get a proof-of-concept PivotViewer application up and running, but I can't get the collection to load properly, even in a testing environment.  I'm following these instructions: Building Your First PivotViewer Application I have a clientaccesspolicy XML file in the root, giving all URIs access.  I copied an already existing collection, and have it in the root as well.  The collection XML checks out properly. Whenever I attempt to debug the application, however, it loads but simply displays the URL for the collection, never actually building the PivotViewer. MainPage.xaml:  MainPage.xaml.cs: ","OK, here's a number of ways forward for you. Firstly, wire up the PivotViewer's CollectionLoadingFailed event before calling the LoadCollection method. This will expose a CollectionErrorEventArgs containing any exceptions. Secondly, install Fiddler2 and use it to watch what the PivotViewer is requesting. If it's failing to reach certain parts of the pivot collection it will be very obvious. Let me know what those 2 suggestion bring to light.",,0,1104,1,1,1,0
187,grails/groovy: How do I access saved domain objects when unit testing?,"I'm trying to get access to saved domain objects during unit testing, so when a controller method saves a domain class outside the scope of the unit test i can access it to test the properties set on it. have been looking at the domainClassesInfo (DefaultArtefactInfo), savedMetaClasses from interrogating this, but without success. This seems like something that should be easy -   then in the controller:  Any thoughts how to extract the saved domain class much appreciated",IF the controller is the only one saving a new instance of MyDomainClass then you should be able to do this: ,,0,451,2,1,1,1
188,Google Analytics - Don't view as unique pages,"I have a url similar to this /widgets/view/13031800 In the google analytics settings you can have it exclude url paramaters, but I can't figure out how to have it look at all /widgets/view/  pages as one page.  I don't need each one to be unique.  Any ideas?","Unfortunately there is not an easy answer to this.  You can...  change what is passed in your _trackPageview calls on your page(s) to exclude the number create a filter in the interface to strip off the number  Neither one of these solutions will retroactively apply (will not change data you already got).  Only way to see it for current data is to export your data to excel or whatever and do some manual work on it, like strip off the numbers and sum up the page views and remove duplicates sort of thing. ",,0,67,3,1,0,0
189,ValueError occurs when I try to use CG algorithm of MaxentClassifier in nltk,"When I tried the examples of MaxentClassifier from http://nltk.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/doc/howto/classify.html, I got the error below: Grad eval #0  Python Code:  But I don't how to solve it. Help me, thanks!","It works if you set the algorithm:  (Note you missed one line of the training corpus)  Edit: Several nltk algorithms fail, including 'CG'. The problem is probably the same as the one reported here. If this is the case, it probably will be solved in nltk next releases. You could also report a bug to nltk to help the developpers and yourself. As the reported bug seems related with numpy broadcasting and outdated uses of numpy, maybe you could try with an older version of numpy  ",1.0,0,1616,3,1,1,1
190,How to get the length of a dialog item text?,"Im trying to get the dialog item text into a buffer. It works with , but how do i get the length of the text so i can allocate the buffer before i read it in there? I want to be sure i always get the whole text. I could use always for example 10k buffer, but it would be nicer if there wasnt any chance that the user text isnt received completely.","Send the window handle, obtained by calling , a  message. Or if you prefer call .",,1,623,3,1,1,1
191,IIS Log Analyzer,"I want to analyze the IIS logs for a website for things like hits, keywords, countries accessed from etc. Has anyone used any (free) tools that were useful from this regard?","There's LogParser.  Blog article about how to use it here.  You need to be comfortable with SQL to use it, though.  There's a GUI for it apparently, too.  Don't have any experience with that, though.",,3,8491,4,1,0,0
192,bash shell script,"I have $LIST variable that contains few lines and some of the lines has spaces, but I need to take that as one vs two arguments inside of my loop, how would I do that?  this will produce me 3 lines, but I want it to produce 2 as test1 on first line and test 2 on second", Thanks to [] characters we can see that the loop was evaluated twice.,1.0,1,314,5,1,1,1
193,End user experience monitoring tools,"I have a web application with a great deal of both client-side and server-side logic.  It is considered business-critical that this application feel responsive to the end user, for some definition of ""feels responsive.""  ;) Most website monitoring discussions revolve around keeping an eye on server-side metrics (response time, I/O queue depth, latency, CPU load, etc.), i.e. we tend to treat server performance and responsiveness as though it's a viable ""proxy"" for what the user is experiencing. Unfortunately, as we move more and more logic to  client side Javascript, the correlation decreases and our server metrics become less useful. I didn't find any good matching SO questions on this.  Googling gives a range of commercial products that might be related, but they're generally from the manufacturers' websites, full of unhelpful marketspeak and ""please call us for details,"" so it's hard to know. Are there any commonly-used tools for this sort of thing, other than rolling your own?  Both free and commercial are welcome, although free is obviously better all else being equal. EDIT:  To clarify, I primarily need to gather bulk data on the user experience, including both responsiveness and breakage/script errors.  Automatic analysis is a very-nice-to-have, although I'd expect to have to occasionally dig into the data myself regardless of the solution.","There are some freely available tools for performance monitoring. Yahoo open-sourced a script they used called Boomerang which can measure page load times and other performance metrics for end-users. Full documentation here. Google analytics also offers a basic page load time report. For error monitoring, you'll want to listen for the window.onerror event. I don't know of any scripts that will automatically log it for you, or mine the logs on the server side. If you implement your own, you'll want to be very careful about not pinging the server too often--imagine how many requests it would generate if there was a JS error in your JS error handling code!",5.0,21,6066,5,1,0,0
194,DataContract for enums in WCF,"I have a enum that I use via a WCF service in a .Net project. Now I want to add another enum, specified in the same way as the first.  But the second one does not get registered in Reference.cs, and therefore is not recognized from the project consuming the WCF service.  I have tried to re-write everything as I read that there is an automatic count that is confused if one copy-pastes the enum members. I checked that the service reference is not re-using types in referenced assemblies.   I have tried to add Name and Namespace, without result. I have checked so there are no more references to the FirstEnum, that I would have missed when writing the SecondEnum.  Thwy seem to have been written the same way.  So, why is a DataContract not recognized in the Reference.cs class? I guess that if I can figure this out, the rest will solve itself.  Thanks for any ideas. ",Is the second enumeration referenced in any operations on the service contract? WCF will only add to the metadata types which are part of the contract.,1.0,5,1087,6,1,1,0
195,Storing Hierarchical Data (MySQL) for Referral Marketing,"I need to have a 5 levels hierarchy for the users registered to a website. Every user is invited by another, and I need to know all descendants for a user. And also ancestors for a user. I have in mind 2 solution.   Keeping a table with relationships this way. A closure table:    Having this table for relationships. Keeping in a table 5 levels ancestors. A ""ancestors"" table:   Are these good ideas? I know about ""the adjacency list model"" and ""the modified preorder tree traversal algorithm"", but are these good solutions for a ""referral"" system? The queries that I need to perform on this tree are:  frequently adding a new users when a user buys something, their referrers get a percentage commission every user should be able to find out how many people they've referred (and how many people were referred by people who they referred....) at each level ","Closure Table  To add user 10, referred by user 3. (I don't think you need to lock the table between these two insertions):  To find all users referred by user 3.  To count those users by depth:  To find the ancestors of user 10.  The drawback to this method is amount of storage space this table will take.",1.0,6,2549,8,1,1,1
196,Creating Stored Procedures that can work with different tables,"I need to use the same Stored Procedures against many tables all with the same structure in my DB. This is data loaded from customers,with one table/customer and the data needs calculations/checks run before it's loaded to our DataWarehouse. So far these are the options and issues I've found and I'm looking for a better pattern/approach.  Create a view that points to the table I want to process, the SPs then talk to that view. This works well (especially once I'd worked out how to create views 'automagically' based on their columns). But the view can only be used with one table at a time, forcing the system to deal with one customer at a time. Use dynamic sql within each SP -     makes the SPs much harder to     read/debug and for those reasons has     been ruled out Create a partitioned view across     all the tables and then use a     paramatised table function to return     just the data we're interested in -     ah but then I can't update the data     as the function returns a table that     can be only used for select Use dynamic sql inside a function     (can't be done) to create a view     (which also can't be done) .... give     up Within the SP create a temp table     with over the target table using     dynamic sql, but then the temp table     only exists in the session that runs     the dynamic sql not the 'parent'     session that's running the SP ...     give up Create a global temp table using     dynamic SQL to avoid the scope issue     of 5, then run the SP against the     global temp table. Still run into     the single customer issue. Create the view as in 1 within a     transaction and then run all the SPs     and then commit - works fine for one     user, but any others are now blocked     trying to create a new view of the     same name Use a temporary view ... can't in     T/Sql Move all the code into .Net - but     we have environment issues where     tsql is much easier to host/run  I know I'm not the only person who has this problem, have any of you good people solved it, please help. ","Maybe your approach is wrong, I will go deep in details in a while but it seems that your problem can be solved using SSIS -- Updated answer: First, the big picture: The most affordable way to process the tables dynamically is using a script instead of a stored procedure. If you want to make table access randomly chosen, you certainly will not use any of the performance advantages of stored procedures, i.e. execution plans. A SQL Script can be easily upgraded to point one table at runtime using placeholders and replacing it before executing. The script can be loaded from the filesystem, a variable, a text column in a table, etc. The loading process consists in read the script content to a string variable. This step occurs once. The next step is the preparation stage. This step will be executed for each table to be processed. The main business of this step is to replace the table placeholders with the current table being processed. Also is possible to set parameter values like any parameter you can need to pass into the sp that you already wrote. The last step is the execution of the script. As is already loaded into a variable and the placeholders were set to the current table name, you can safely call a ExecuteSQLTask with the sql variable as the input. This process of course happens for each table you want to process. Ok. Now let's see this in action. This is a sample database model:  where t_n represents any table (t_1, t_2, t_3, etc). This is your current stored procedure:  Now, transform this stored procedure to a Sql script, placing a placeholder instead of the table name  I choose to save this in a .sql file in the filesystem to keep the POC as simple as possible. Next, create a SSIS Package like this:  These are the settings I choose to set up the loop:  And this is the way you can assign the table name to a variable called appropriately _table_name_  This is the setup of the script task, here you find that the variable _table_name_ has read only access, while a new variable called SqlExec has read/write access:  And this is it's Main function:  You can notice that the Dts Variable SqlExec contains the sql script that will be executed. Now you can set the following options in your ExecuteSqlTask:  Successfully tested in MSSQL 2008, if you put a insert inside the script file you will notice new rows in each table.  Hope this helps!",,3,608,11,1,0,1
197,jQuery save local variable for use later on in the code,Is there anyway that I can save or access a local variable outside of it's function? Consider the code below:  Is there anyway to get the values of the two variables (jdc and jdi above) for later use outside of the function? The ultimate goal is to get id of droppable container and content of dropped element.,try this:  or declare your variable outside the function. ,3.0,13,48896,20,1,1,1
198,DC.JS Stacked Bar Chart colors,"I have created a stacked chart my data look like this:  Impact goes on the X axis, probability on the Y axis. There are many data on the same axis X. I had to calculate the difference between the Y-axis components of the same X.  for these data, I constructed a dimension  and n groups  and built a chart  Now I need to set the color for each element of the stack, in accordance with its value probability, but in   I have the ""coordinate"" value.  What do I need to get the real probability value in the colorAccessor?","Probably the best way to do this is to reduce both  and . I think reductio will make this easier, but with raw Crossfilter, this would look something like:  Then you'd add a value accessor and color accessor like so: ",,-2,844,1,1,1,1
199,Cannot change the background color of JFrame ContentPane,"So I have a snake program in java, works perfectly, however in my Frame class I cannot change the background color of my 's content pane, I use  but it is not working, any help ? Here is my  class: "," With the above layout manager, any component(s) you add to the frame will completely cover the content pane.  You may set the background of the content pane, but then you add a component to the content pane. So you will see the color of the  component over top of the content pane. Set the color of your Screen object to be whatever you want: ",,0,221,1,1,1,1
200,iOS realm multiple filter based on if else statements,"Is it possible to have multiple filters which are used based on the outcome of them?  I want to filter a list of university courses based on their name and check if the list of filtered courses is > 0. If not, i automatically get them all. This is what im doing right now, giving the user a button to show all if the view is empty: ","It sounds like something like this should work. Basically, if there is a course name, set courses to the filtered results. Then, if courses is nil or empty, set it to show all. ",,0,599,1,1,1,1
201,Oxid eshop hooks for shipping method,"i am working on Oxid eshop custom module for shipping. i want to Change price for shipping methods on the fly. Is there any way i can get any hooks or method so is can get the interrupt for shipping methods selection? i have also came to know For running server side php code you need to extend OXID's functions, e.g. render() function for the pages you want to track. For the product page it would be ""details"" -> applications/controllers/details.php category page is ""alist.php"" and basket is basket.php"," seems to be the function you are looking for, it calculates delivery costs based on configured delivery sets. https://github.com/OXID-eSales/oxideshop_ce/blob/b-5.3-ce/source/application/models/oxbasket.php#L903-L948 this function is called by calculateBasket() here: https://github.com/OXID-eSales/oxideshop_ce/blob/b-5.3-ce/source/application/models/oxbasket.php#L1487 which is also called, when you change shipping methods",,1,198,1,1,0,1
202,Send a HTTP Request using python - Error,"I'm trying to write a python script to send a HTTP request, so I read from the Python documentation on urllib2 library (https://docs.python.org/2/howto/urllib2.html#id6) and took the sample code with authentication, but I still get errors...  Here's my code (* top_level_url = login url, a_url = api request, which works on the web, and shows the response):   But when I run the code, I get an error:  I've tried multiple solution to this error, but I keep getting the same one... does anyone knows whats wrong in my code? or do you have another code sample that works? (as I've said, I tried the top 10 results in google...) Thanks in advanced!","It looks like you adjust.com uses another kind of authentication for their api than u are using. U should read this documentation:  https://docs.adjust.com/en/kpi-service/#authentication Instead of using a username and password, you should add this http header to you request:    Or you can add  to your api call.",,-1,326,1,1,1,1
203,Editing ClearDB password in VCAP_SERVICES environment variable in Bluemix,"I reset the password to my  database from the dashboard and can't seem to find a way to update the new password in Bluemix's  environment variable, especially with the new console. I could create a custom environment variable but that would force me to edit the code - doesn't seem like a good solution. Is there a way to do that, short of nuking the db, creating a new one and restoring the data?",Unbind the ClearDB service from the Bluemix application that is using it and then bind it again.  will be updated with new ClearDB password. ,,0,72,2,1,1,1
204,How to avoid high ram usage by adding plenty of rows with MigraDoc?,"I'm currently working on a project that reads a large file or rather multiple files with > millions of lines. To do so I use Streamreader to read each line. Every line is checked if it includes a certain string. When the condition is true, I'll add a row. I have to reproduce the code from memory since I haven't the code in front of me:  So everytime the condition is true, a row object will be added and with millions of these lines there will be also millions of objects, which will affect my ram memory and is most likely going to ""explode"". I tried several things e.g. create a list with row objects and clear them after a certain number. But I had to figure out that it will not clear the objects from ram (list.Clear). I tried to invoke the garbage collector manually but it has a negative influence on my performance. And now I'm at a point where I dont know how to handle this. With a half of million lines it reaches nearly 7gb of ram and I have 8gb available.  I would appreciate any suggestion how I can avoid high ram or keep the ram low at least.  I also want to add that I'm new on stackoverflow and if anything is not clear feel free to point it out or point on me :P","You're doing the right thing by reading your input files from streams line-by-line. That means only the current line of each input file needs to be present in your RAM. But, you're doing the wrong thing by putting a row into your Table object for each line matching the marker.   Those Table objects live in RAM. Attempts to create Table objects with millions upon millions of Row objects will use up your RAM, as you have discovered. The dotnet collection classes do a good job of supporting vast collections. But there's no magic around the use of RAM. You need to figure out a way to limit the number of Row objects in a Table object. Can you keep track of the row count, and when it reaches a certain number (who knows how big? 10K? 100K?) write the table to disk and create a new one? Also, it seems that Migradoc generates PDF files. Is a million-page pdf file a useful object? It seems unlikely.  Same for RTF files.",,1,120,2,1,1,0
205,Javascript Button OnClick Callback,"I'm trying to emulate the confirm() functionality with my own styled modal. I have a function with a callback:  This section is where I need the confirmChanges function to return true/false:  Here's my HTML I'm using for the modal:  However when I click the buttons in the dialog I get the error ""clickCancel() / clickOkay() is not defined"".  How can I fix it so that it returns true or false depending on the button clicked?",Is this what you want or i got you wrong? Please feel free to query.       ,,0,10649,2,1,1,1
206,Emulator target dropdown is missing in Visual Studio 2015 with Xamarin,"There are a lot of posts from users who complain their emulator dropdown is empty (no devices listed). Well, I have similar but different problem -- I don't have this dropdown at all. I installed VS 2015, after that I rerun the installer to add Xamarin, then I updated Xamarin to the latest stable version, I hit this problem. So I removed Xamarin, installed it again, and then updated -- same story. When I load VS and Xamarin/Android project I can see in output pane adb is started, 2 devices detected, everything correct. Except I cannot even choose the device because I have no mean to choose. What do I need to get this dropdown?  Update:  monodroid log -- http://pastebin.com/XVq11kYq Ide log -- http://pastebin.com/vUpaA4HW ","Do you see anything in that area where the drop down is supposed to be? IOW do you at least get a little green play arrow with ""Start"" Next to it? E.G.:  If you do not see even that ""Start"", E.G.:  then you might just have the control disabled. If so, the click the little down arrow at the end of the toolbar, E.G.:  and then hover over ""Add or Remove buttons"" and select the ""Debug Targets"" to add the device selection control to the toolbar.",,2,795,3,1,0,0
207,Replace String between 2 strings in Java,"I'm trying to find all occurrences of a set of strings and replace what is in between them within a new value. I have tried all of the examples for Java/ regex I have found on this site and none have worked. A sample of the string would look like this:  I would want to find and replace all the values between ""FLOAT("" and "")"" with 53 so that the above string would be replaced with:  How can I do this with a String.replaceAll ? I have tried  and it just replaces the  so the string looks like: ","You can use  and  to escape the literal parenthesis, and then  to match digits. Something like,  Output is (as requested) ",,1,276,3,1,1,1
208,Setup machine to machine (Console to WebAPI) authorization with identity server3,I am trying to setup authorization from a console app to a WebAPI endpoint using identityserver3 as the authorization service. This is not a self hosted API and it will be public facing. I've tried to follow through the documentation on identity server and I have the API running and IdentityServer running independently.  Where I am having trouble is getting the api route to check for authorization and request/receive the access token from identity server. Within identity server I have the startup.cs file defined as:  And within web.config for IdSrv I added   WebAPI contains the following  startup.cs  Disabling OWIn in API I can make calls such as   and hit the endpoint.  The Console app contains this in program.cs  When this executes the task errors out (the task was canceled) . I get the message The resource requested does not support GET. I thought this would be a cors issue but I have CORS enabled on the identity server and I even added to the http protocols in web.config:  Can anyone provide some guidance on how to get the console application to retrieve the token from the identity server? I feel it's an authorization issue. I am running this locally in in Dev IISExpres and I am currently using the certs provided by the identity server source.  Thanks,"Use the so called client credentials grant https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6749#section-4.4 Here's a sample for it using identityserver3 https://github.com/IdentityServer/IdentityServer3.Samples/tree/master/source/Clients/ConsoleClientCredentialsClient CORS is unrelated to this scenario, since it only applies to browser-based clients. So it is probably some issue with your web server.",,0,841,3,1,1,0
209,Calling an specific Array of Functions,I want to call an specific array of function on my onclick. Example JS:  Example HTML:  but dont understand how get it done.,"You need parenthesis for calling the function. Otherwise you return the function itself, like in example 2.        ",,1,23,3,1,1,1
210,How do I get phpunit to work in cloud9 IDE?,Just started out a laravel project on cloud9 IDE but I can't get phpunit to work. Every time I run the PHPUnit command I get a   command not found  response. From the file structure in the project I can see phpunit files. I have never used cloud 9 for a laravel project before so I can't really tell if thats how it's supposed to behave. Has anyone successfully used phpunit on cloud9 before?,You can install phpunit globally using composer (available in the default C9 workspace). Phpunit 4.8.* works with PHP 5.5.  The phpunit executable will be installed in  so add the following line at the end of the  file to make the command available elsewhere.  Run  afterwards to register the new path then simply run  in your Laravel installation folder.,1.0,3,705,4,1,0,1
211,Django queryset - sorting twice,How do I get a sorted queryset of Projects to display Departments alphabetically with Teams in each department also alphabetic? Símple models are like this...  In Views.py I want to collect the teams and display them by Department alphabetically with the number of projects for each Team.  Then in the template...  This displays something like this...  Which is not correct - I want an ordered alphabetic list with departments and teams like this... ,"You don't need to use Teams.objects.all(),just order_by will work equally fine: and then order by those fields with separate commas,like this : ",,0,754,4,1,1,1
212,Trying to iterate over json string,"I'm trying to iterate over this json encoded array which is a string:  An ajax call returns that string and i'm trying to only get the keys like: ""app usage"" and ""Meter Offline"" to return like so:  But I can't get the keys to go into the problemCategories. I use this to set the categories in a highchart bubble chart and I will use more of the data from the string later.  I need to get this to work first.",The issue is in the way that you're using array.push. You should use  instead of .,,0,71,4,1,1,1
213,Making div appear depending on Javascript value,"Hi i have created this calculator:   HTML:  Javascript:  And now i want to make a div appear depending on the result. I already tried doing something like this:   But that does not work, so i'm stuck about how to do it. Thanks",Is this what you want ??       ,,0,165,5,1,1,1
214,Insert using LEFT JOIN and INNER JOIN,"Hey all i am trying to figure out how to go about inserting a new record using the following query:  My  query so far is this:  However, i  am not sure how to do  when using left and inner joins. So what i am looking to do is this:  table:  And also the  table  UPDATE So like this? ","You have to be specific about the columns you are selecting. If your  table had four columns  you must select exactly those four columns from the query. The syntax looks like:  However, there does not appear to be any reason to join against  here, since none of the columns from that table would be inserted into .  In fact, this  seems bound to fail with primary key uniqueness violations. MySQL does not support inserts into multiple tables at the same time. You either need to perform two  statements in your code, using the last insert id from the first query, or create an  trigger on the primary table.  Or using a trigger: ",15.0,48,237724,64,6,1,1
215,How to correctly save a WF4 ActivityBuilder,"I am currently saving my .NET FX 4.0.1 StateMachine activity like this:  This works fine and the generated XAML looks good. Unfortunately, it is invalid. I can read it back in using  but when I execute it, it says that it doesn't know the properties defined in the workflow. Opening it in the Visual Studio designer yields the same errors:  Compiler error(s) encountered processing expression ""ActiveCall"". ""ActiveCall"" is not declared. It may be inaccessible due to its protection level.  Through comparing the original XAML with the XAML produced by my code, I found out how to fix this problem. I have to have this tag before the  tag:  By the way: The text inside the tag must be exactly like this, otherwise there will be an error when opening the WF in VS:  Failed to create a 'Settings' from the text 'FooBar'  Question: What do I have to change in my code to have this tag in the generated XAML?","I think I found the answer. I have to use the following code before calling :   If the  has been created from a  it is even better to use the following code:  If this is not used, namespaces that are only needed for extension methods are not written to the XAML and will lead to an error when loading and executing the XAML.  I summarized my findings on code project.",3.0,3,1270,1,7,1,1
216,vertical scrollbar appears when nothing is there,"I've put in a form on this page, on my computer it doesn't extend beyond the page bottom, yet a vertical scrollbar appears. Here's the page: http://kimkellermedia.com/test3/contact.html I've inspected the page, and the weird thing is that it shows nothing there, saying the html stopped before the cut off point, so I'm not sure what to change to get rid of empty space. Since it doesn't seem to be showing up for everyone, here's a big screenshot of what I'm seeing:  http://kimkellermedia.com/test3/example.html","Your content has a span having visibility:hidden, make it display:none. So that the space for the span will not be used. I have tried by reducing the height of comment textarea and the scroll bar is gone now. Please set the height of the scroll bar to 175px. It was because of the contents. Now the scroll bar will not appear.",,1,2559,1,9,0,0
217,PHP PDO Select and output first found row result,"after 1 afternoon of not finding the right direction I hope somone can help me. What I want is:  Bind an array to a PDO execute statement. Therefore I use the WHERE IN Statement in the PREPARE. So far so good, my Problem now is, nummer is not unique. In my database are more rows with this value. I need a way to limit the query to the first found row where nummer f.e. = 1 and then go to the next value of the array. Here is the Code (I found here on stackoverflow ;) ",I believe you want to add  after your  clause.  Edit For Postgres try: ,,2,151,3,9,1,1
218,VIM Omni Completion: Pattern Not Found,"Ive been trying to get the VIM auto completion working, but am running into issues unfortunately.  Right now I tried just starting with the basics. trying to get the auto completion to work on HTML documents first. But even this is becoming an issue.  I set the correct DOCTYPE, and have even specified different ones to see if it will work on Transitional, or Strict, or even XHTML or HTML5, but none are seeming to work. The htmlcomplete.vim file is indeed in the ""autoload"" directory.  In my vimrc file, the correct setting is applied:  But still this isn't working, and no amount of research is helping me, because the only relevant results are issues with C++ auto completion, in VIM. (which vim does not fully support at this time, but it DOES support HTML auto completion, as I know because I have had it work on multiple instances of different systems before.)  What do you guys think I should do next? Im not sure where I should go from here..  No matter what, when I use the ""omni completion"" option. AKA (Ctrl+X, Ctrl+O), it always says:  The syntax highlighting works by default without even using:  it just recognizes by the filetype as it should. so that works. The indentation has started working ever since I uncommented the ""filetype plugin indent on"". but I just cant get this to work correctly.  But maybe, I am missing the point here, and thinking about this the wrong way. So please correct me if I am wrong.  What function I am looking for, is when I type ""<"" it will automatically bring up a drop down list with all the tags it could be, and say I type ""<"" it will further refine to ""div"", etc. This is the functionality I am used to in Vim, without any configuring, just by default.  When I use the command ""Ctrl+N"" or ""Ctrl+P"" I get a very small (12 tags) list of possible tags, but that is manual, and not automatically detecting the typed ""<"".  Am I looking at the wrong thing? Is Omni Completion not the right option I should be looking at configuring? Or was this a different plugin to provide this functionality?  Whenever I look into it, it always refers to ""Ctrl+X + Ctrl+O"" as the syntax auto completion, so I assumed this is the feature I have come to know. but maybe I am wrong.  So can someone help to explain this better to me, point me in the right direction. Or let me know I am on the right path (if I am) and help me fix this issue?  Thank you guys. Take care. As requested here is the information:  The vimrc file is here:  http://pastebin.com/QfUDVvdP My version is 7.3 (aka vim73)  I am using the CLI version, as I find GVIM actually more confusing. but I have both. and they use the same vim runtime. I have not added any more plugins or extra feautres, as this is a fresh install on Ubuntu 12.04, which is also a fresh install. The only thing that has been altered or added is ""smali.vim"" syntax highlighting to syntax folder, as well as opa.vim, and opajs.vim. also opacomplete.vim to autoload. there is vimrc, and vimrc.tiny, as well as gvimrc in /etc/vim/ folder. and all the files for vim are located in the default directory, /usr/share/vim/vim73/ and /usr/share/vim/. None of the files are moved, changed, or altered besides what was already specified.   hope that helps.","First of all, Omni Completion never worked (or works) automatically. You said popup should appear when you insert '<' - this is not working in Vim by default. You have to press Ctrl X O combination. At least it is not working for me. http://vimdoc.sourceforge.net/htmldoc/version7.html#new-omni-completion I guess you have a plugin for that or something. It's not hard to implement it. Start Vim without loading any plugins to check it out. Anyway, to the question. Many folks do not know, that Vim 7+ has decent support for XML/XHTML/HTML languages (no plugins needed!) with possibilities to extend it with any XML-based language you want. What you can do is to use DTD/RNG converters that prepares Vim definition which is used to give you omni completion. For example, my Vim installation contains support for HTML4 and XHTML languages by default:  The trick is Vim's autoloading feature. You need to make sure the file you are opening has the proper DOCTYPE definition which is correct. So use that for HTML and XHTML files, then Vim 7+ will automatically enable XML/HTML omni completion for you. Example for HTML4:  Now try to insert body tag, type ""bo"" and hit Ctrl X O. Bang. Try to add an attribute, type ""on"" and hit it again. Bingo. You can use Ctrl X O and other features:  after ""<"" complete the tag name, depending on context inside of a tag complete proper attributes when an attribute has a limited number of possible values help to complete them complete names of entities (defined in |xml-omni-datafile| and in the current file with "" when used after ""  More info (and possible user customization with own XML definitioins) here: http://vimdoc.sourceforge.net/htmldoc/insert.html#ft-xml-omni",5.0,8,16040,1,10,1,1
219,PHP: Cause user to download a file that is hosted on a different server,"If I do  will my server download ? If yes, how can I make my user download  without that my server download it?","It's not possible to have the client (the user) download a file and then copy this file in the server in a seamless way, because these two environments are living in different systems — in order to do this, the client needs to upload the file back to the server after downloading it, which in turn would be a pain for the user and slower than simply letting the server download the file and copying it there, if the ultimate goal is having a copy of the file in the server.",,-1,75,0,11,1,0
220,"How to allow only numbers as input in Javascript , why doesn't my code work?","I want write a function to prevent any input other than numbers 0-9 and the return key so the user can make corrections. I know that this type of question have been asked several times but why doesn't my code work. Does it has to do with the shift key? Why am I getting ""event is not defined""? In the snippet I can prevent letters but special characters, like @, keep being inserted. Why am I getting a reference error?       ","Your code formatting has many issues that make it nearly impossible to read, but it seems to me that the problem is your second  block that is outside the  event listener. Since it is outside, the  variable isn't defined. If you format your code properly this would be super trivial to catch. You can use tools like jsbeautifier to do it for you if you prefer.",,0,107,1,1,1,1
221,Why does the Chrome icon flash briefly when loading some web pages?,I created the following simple  file:  When I open it in my browser -- Google Chrome Version 64.0.3282.186 (Official Build) (64-bit) -- the Chrome icon below flashes briefly:  (It's blurry since it's a screenshot from a QuickTime Player screen recording.)  Any clue what's causing this and/or how I can get rid of it? ,"It's actually the icon of the HTML file you're opening:  The Finder briefly displays a ""zooming"" animation when a file is opened, using the icon of the file. This behavior is unique to opening an HTML file from the Finder; it won't happen if you open the file in Chrome's ""Open"" dialog, or view it as an actual web page.",,2,69,1,1,1,0
222,Is it possible to have routerLink and a click event on same anchor tag?,"I have a bunch of  elements and when the user clicks them, it opens a more detailed view of those elements in a different component.  However, it requres TWO clicks to show the data I want to show. When the user click ONCE the component opens up with the empty view template. When the user clicks AGAIN it then shows the populated data.  Can I not just put this in one anchor tag that routes me to me detailed view and emits the click event in one? Is there a preferred method or better way to do this?  EDIT: Some people are suggesting that I use reslove guards to fetch the data before it is populated, but I am only pulling this from a local JSON file and passing it between my components. ",you use click event for both. navigate to details page via programmatically using the router  whatever process do in openContact() and then redirect on the details page.  add into constructor ,,3,2288,1,1,1,1
223,Formatting text in Windows Batch file and redirect to a text file,"I have a windows 7 batch script which launches a test app and writes the results to a result.txt file. After each test case is executed, I am parsing the outcome of each test case and appending (>> command) the result to result.txt file. What I need: I need to output the results to result.txt in pretty text format. How can I do it in batch file ? The snippet (only two test cases here for example) of my script is as below:  This gives me the actual result.txt file output as below:  But I would like the result.txt should looks like this. (Note that, the 'Test case title' length varies from test case to case, and my test app is incrementally including new test cases every day): "," would be my approach, appending a goodly number of spaces after the testname, then taking the first 30 characters of the result to output. I didn't count the actual number you are using. Adjust to suit.",,0,1359,1,1,1,1
224,JSON.parse not erroring but not working,"I am working on my webdesign assignment based around ajax. I am having a problem with the JSON.parse() function. The problem goes as follows, I perform a get request on my JSON database using ajax:  The console log of the responseText matches what the JSON file I wanted but, when I run response text through a for loop the log returns the JSON file char by char:  The console returns:  The list is limited to one because of the lenght of the JSON object which I am trying to pass through. The JSON can be found here https://github.com/Stephan-kashkarov/Collector/blob/master/main/database/artists.json along with the whole code for testing purposes. Thanks for your help! - Stephan",You need to save the result of  into some variable. I guess in your code you would like to solve it like this: ,,0,718,1,1,1,1
225,Azure AD B2C : User credential validation against custom user store,"Can Azure AD B2C pass the ""UserName/Email and Password"" entered by end user to a third party trusted application for credentials validation and get the claims for the user on successful credentials validation by the App? This scenario arises because, some of my users are in Azure AD B2C and some of the users are maintained in the custom user store and can't be moved to Azure AD B2C due to business reasons. Yet i want to provide same sign-in experience for both users.","The Wingtip sample contains an example of this integration. See the ""ClassicAccount"" claims provider for reference. This claims provider, which is implemented by a REST API, is integrated in to the sign-in user journey to sign users in using logins that are external to the Azure AD B2C directory. Code for the REST API can be found in the same repository.",,1,181,1,1,0,0
226,Trying to connect() multiple times in TCP,"I'm writing a client/server application where the client and server should send data to each other via a TCP socket. The client should connect to the server and if the connection fails, it should wait a few seconds and then try again to connect to it (up to a certain number of tries). This is the code I currently have:  The issue I'm having is that the first call to connect() works as expected, it fails if there's no server and then the loop repeats, however, the second time connect() blocks forever (or at least for much longer than I want it to). Initially, my loop was just around the connect() if block (code below), and this also caused the same problem. After that I included the whole socket setup (the code above) in the loop, but that also didn't help. I also tried closing the socket after a failed connection, but this didn't help either.   Initial for loop:  Can I force connect() to return after a certain amount of time has passed? Or is there a way to get the connect() function to try multiple times on it's own? Or is there something I need to do to the socket to reset everything before I can try again? I hope this isn't a dumb question, I couldn't find any information about how to connect multiple times.  Thanks in advance!"," Can I force  to return after a certain amount of time has passed?  No. You must put the socket into non-blocking mode and then use  or  to provide timeout logic while you wait for the socket to connect. If the connection fails, or takes too long to connect, close the socket, create a new one, and try again.  Or is there a way to get the  function to try multiple times on it's own?  No. It can perform only 1 connection attempt per call.  Or is there something I need to do to the socket to reset everything before I can try again?  There is no guarantee that you can even call  multiple times on the same socket. On some platforms, you must destroy the socket and create a new socket before you call  again.  You should get in the habit of doing that for all platforms.",,0,1261,2,1,1,1
227,How does batching work in a seq2seq model in pytorch?,"I am trying to implement a seq2seq model in Pytorch and I am having some problem with the batching.  For example I have a batch of data whose dimensions are   [batch_size, sequence_lengths, encoding_dimension]  where the sequence lengths are different for each example in the batch. Now, I managed to do the encoding part by padding each element in the batch to the length of the longest sequence.  This way if I give as input to my net a batch with the same shape as said, I get the following outputs:  output, of shape  hidden state, of shape  cell state, of shape   Now, from the output, I take for each sequence the last relevant element, that is the element along the  dimension corresponding to the last non padded element of the sequence. Thus the final output I get is of shape . But now I have the problem of decoding it from this vector. How do I handle a decoding of sequences of different lengths in the same batch? I tried to google it and found this, but they don't seem to address the problem. I thought of doing element by element for the whole batch, but then I have the problem to pass the initial hidden states, given that the ones from the encoder will be of shape , while the ones from the decoder will be of shape . Am I missing something? Thanks for the help!","You are not missing anything. I can help you since I have worked on several sequence-to-sequence application using PyTorch. I am giving you a simple example below.  You can see the complete source code here. This application is about predicting users' next web-search query given the current web-search query.  The answerer to your question:  How do I handle a decoding of sequences of different lengths in the same batch?  You have padded sequences, so you can consider as all the sequences are of the same length. But when you are computing loss, you need to ignore loss for those padded terms using masking. I have used a masking technique to achieve the same in the above example. Also, you are absolutely correct on: you need to decode element by element for the mini-batches. The initial decoder state  is also fine. You just need to unsqueeze it at dimension 0, to make it . Please note, you do not need to loop over each example in the batch, you can execute the whole batch at a time, but you need to loop over the elements of the sequences.",2.0,6,2442,2,1,1,1
228,Setting Google Maps API v3 Region to Canada,"We are trying to set the region to Canada on our Google Maps component. From the Google API docs, they have stated to append the region with the key:  Tried using this as the src and it does not work:  Or  The above would still default to USA. However, using this:    does work, but the language is in French. Is there a way to set the language to English and set the region to Canada?",Take a look at this question and its answer. I wrote some sample code that seems to work. You have to include  in your geocoding request like so: ,,1,933,2,1,1,1
229,How to push value into sub array without making a new entry,"So I've got these two arrays:  One of them has all results, which I want to sort by dates hence the second array. This is the code I'm using to try to achieve this:  OUTPUT if you have 3 results of the same date  Desired OUTPUT if you have 3 results of the same date ","You can do this by first reducing your data into an object with the unique dates as the keys and the amounts as the value for each key, and then mapping them into the structure for your desired output, like so:      ",,1,452,2,1,1,1
230,How can i write this expression in C++ using cout?,how can i write this C expression in c++ using cout ?    is this a valid statement in C++ too? ,try this  Advice learn about casting in C++.,0.0,-5,74,3,1,1,1
231,Jquery find next index,"What is the correct way to find the index of elements.  I am using a  that appends a new div into a container and I must ""have"" a new ID based on the index - this allows for easy indexing on a delete function later. i.e. I can just run a  to update the id's this is my code: - I want to find the index of class  when  is clicked ",,,2,2407,2,2,1,1
232,Is it safe to use an HttpModule for localization?,"I'm considering making use of an HttpModule for localization purposes (based on the example in this article) - but I'm curious, is this safe?  Here's the code, for reference:  I was under the impression that multiple threads could potentially service a web request. Is it safe to set the Current/Current UI Cultures in an HttpModule like this and have it respected for the life of the web request regardless of how many threads are involved in servicing it? Update: I have been using this method in production for nearly a year now, so I can certainly verify that it is perfectly safe to use an HttpModule for localization.","Yes, this should be fine. Im pretty sure that only one thread will service a request, unless you explicitly start another, and in that case, the culture (and other things) are copied to the other thread. ",2.0,4,1269,2,2,1,0
233,when is writing a NSMutable array to a file complete?,"I'm working on my first iPhone app.  My UI is composed of 4 tabs.  The first tab shows active projects.  The last tab is a ""settings"" tab where user can toggle projects on/off.  The settings tab has a NSMutableArray of projects (retrieved from a webservices call) and I write them out to a file in the Documents folder for the app.  The first tab reads the projects from the file by reinstating the file into a NSMutableArray and only showing the projects with an IsActive bit set to true.  Everything is working, except when I trip a project's status in the settings tab then immediately click on the first tab.  The first tab is not reflecting the changes made in the settings tab.  However, if I click on one of the other tabs before going to the first tab, then the first tab reflects the changes made in the settings tab appropriately.  The only thing I can think of is the file is not finished writing to the Documents folder when going directly from settings tab to the first tab.  I'm writing the NSMutableArray in the ViewDidDisapper event for the Settings tab.  What am I missing?  Thanks for your help.  ","Unless your data sets are large, I find it's much better to hold all data in memory, and only write to disk on app terminate/to-background and read from disk on app launch.  Create a singleton ""FooManager"" class to hold data required in different parts of your app, and access the data through the API of the singleton class.  I think this is much cleaner than hanging everything off of ProjectAppDelegate.    This should also solve your write/read race condition. EDIT: here's a tiny little singleton network image cache manager class I'm using in a current project.   Sometimes an example's worth a thousand words of tutorials :).  In order to use this class, in any code, just #import the header, and do:  Here's the code for this class: ",,0,101,2,2,0,1
234,Histrogram with Linq,Is there a way to do a segmented histrogram with linq?  I've seen several examples where you can count the number of occurances of a particular object. Is it possible to create a linq based historgram that counts the number of occurances of a series of objects between two values? I don't know how you would group by a range of items to create the buckets neccesary for a histogram?  Suppose a start bound and a width are used to create the range. You would need to iterate through the number array and group each number by whether it was <= Upper Bound and > Lower Bound.  Then you would just sum each group.  I have no idea how to accomplish the group by part,Something like this? ,1.0,3,1530,3,2,0,1
235,best HTML validator/parser?,"I have a large HTML file, and it looks like some  tags are not closed.  It's hard to find it.  I am using VIM as the editor. Is there any good way to find it?",You can validate your html using http://validator.w3.org/ Just make sure you specify the DOCTYPE correctly and it'll find anything that is invalid.,,5,2947,5,2,0,0
236,CSS: floating over text,"I want to make a delete icon appear when you mark over the content(text). Now I have done this, but when it appears it moves the text in a ugly way. See here: http://jsfiddle.net/AB4Ls/10/ How can I make it ""float over"" it, so it dont affect the text but still appears","You need to ""absolutely"" position the close button, rather than float it in the content. Simple add this to your CSS:  And delete the  from .",0.0,5,11731,11,2,0,1
237,How do I pass a range as a parameter in Delphi?,"In Delphi, I can define a range of characters or integers as demonstrated below:  How can I pass a range as a parameter to a function?",You can use subrange types:  Now you can do  whereas  won't work.,1.0,2,1909,13,2,1,1
238,Git: Ignoring Version-Controlled Files,"The .gitignore file is very useful in ignoring some of the files that we don't want to control. Unfortunately, it cannot be used when the file is already under version control. For example, my .gitignore (which is already added to git) file might be different than what my coworker wants it to be (e.g. I want to ignore Vim files). Whenever I make changes to this file, git shows it as a modified file. So my questions:  Is there any way to ignore changes for a certain file, which is already controlled by Git?! Is there any way to commit these changes, but keep it for myself only? Obviously, I don't want to use a branch, because I am working on a certain branch. ","If you want to exclude files that are specific to your process (such as Vim temporary files), edit the (local) file  and add your exclusion patterns there. This file is designed for developer-specific exclusions rather than , which is designed for project-wide exclusions. The short summary is, everybody should agree on what is added to . For files where you don't agree, use .",21.0,49,14516,15,2,0,1
239,IllegalArgumentException? Why?,"Can anyone explain to me why this error occures, or even better how do I handle it? I can not reproduce it. It is one of those errors that happends once out of a 1000. Background: The user is trying to log in, a progress dialog is showing, a http request is sent in async task, the progress dialog is dissmissed. Error occures, app FC. LoginActivity.java   ","This can happen if the user either dismisses the view (e.g. a dialog that can be backed out of) or if the user switches to a different activity while your task is running. You should seriously think about using Android's activity-native dialog showing/dismissing instead of trying to keep a reference to the views yourself. But if you are handling it yourself, you may want to check if the dialog is actually showing using the dialog's  method before trying to dismiss it.",3.0,9,14799,15,2,1,1
240,How can i get my friends using my facebook App with graph api asp.net,"Hi i'm using Facebook C# SDK i can get my friends like;  JsonObject friends = (JsonObject)facebook.Api(""me/friends?"");  But i couldn't get my friends which uses my application how can i get them? Any idea?  Thanks,","I searched and found the code below;  And it worked, I think we can't use graph api, only fql is allowed in that situation.",,0,4115,0,3,0,1
241,"How to bind XML to a TreeView without code behind for (MVVM, dataContext from XAML)","I have a window with a tree view control inside and a XML file. I want to bind the tree view to the XML file entirely from the XAML, without any C# code behind. This is how I'm doing it now:   XAML   Constructor in code behind:  But I'd really like to write it from the XAML and have no code behind.  Any suggestion?",You can make use of the  within XAML to define your external XML as a resource. This can then be referenced and bound to within your various elements in XAML. Walk through can be found here...in addition an MSDN sample makes use of the  in conjunction with a  here,,1,1555,2,3,1,1
242,making valgrind able to read user input when c++ needs it,"I am trying to run my c++ program with valgrind, however I have some points in the program which require user input from stdin, but when i run with valgrind, it wont let the user input anything for the program, is there a way around this?  Been searching all around but have not found the answer.","I haven't tried it, but I found this in the man pages:  What happens if you specify a different fd (say, 3) for valgrind to use for input?",,5,3861,2,3,0,1
243,The most useful User-Defined Aggregate Functions,Do you have any aggregate functions that you have implemented because the standard ones were not good enough?,An aggregate function for SQL Server that produces a comma-separated list of values.  Here's my implementation: A SQL CLR user-defined aggregate - notes on creating and debugging,2.0,9,1220,3,3,0,1
244,read text of selected cell,I have 2 columns in my table:    I want to read the right column's text only for a selected cell.   Is this possible?,"First, You have to find out the selected cell.   If you have added  subviews on cell, the you can specific label's text by using their tag",,0,1097,3,3,1,1
245,Does Java support associative arrays?,"I'm wondering if arrays in Java could do something like this:  I know I've seen similar features in other languages, but I'm not really familiar with any specifics... Just that there are ways to associate values with string constants rather than mere numeric indexes. Is there a way to achieve such a thing in Java?","I don't know a thing about C++, but you are probably looking for a Class implementing the Map interface.",3.0,7,11326,4,3,1,0
246,PHP Upload Form - can't upload 200kb image file,"I have a form to upload 2 files.  They can upload one, or just upload both at the same time. When I upload 2 small image files (both under 100kb), they work perfect.  But if one file is larger, say around 200kb, it doesn't work.  I already set the max value to ""100000"" in the hidden tag below, so I'm not sure what else I can do to fix this?  When it's processed, it goes to this php code:  Thank you for reading!","You should check the file php.ini at your server, specially the following parameters:  post_max_size upload_max_filesize max_execution_time max_input_time memory_limit  In your case, the problem maybe about too small post_max_size & upload_max_filesize. EDIT: Now I notice it, you yourself define MAX_FILE_SIZE = 100000 bytes < 100 KB in the hidden field. So your upload file can not exceed 100kB for sure. If you want to upload larger file, you must increase that value.",1.0,0,3362,4,3,1,0
247,"Castle Windsor, Fluent Nhibernate, and Automapping Isession closed problem","I'm new to the whole castle Windsor, Nhibernate, Fluent and Automapping stack so excuse my ignorance here. I didn't want to post another question on this as it seems there are already a huge number of questions that try to get a solution the Windsor nhib Isession management problem, but none of them have solved my problem so far. I am still getting a ISession is closed exception when I'm trying to call to the Db from my Repositories,Here is my container setup code.  In my repositories i inject  and use it as followes  in my web.config inside . i have also added this line  I'm i still missing part of the puzzle here, i can't believe that this is such a complex thing to configure for a basic need of any web application development with nHibernate and castle Windsor. I have been trying to follow the code here windsor-nhibernate-isession-mvc and i posted my question there as they seemed to have the exact same issue but mine is not resolved. UPDATE MooKid8000 i have now updated my castle register code to this  But I'm still getting the ISession is closed issue, Do my services need to be registered as Transient as well, Can you explain in more detail why they should be transient and not singleton's UPDATE MooKid8000 suggestion was 100% correct , I just need to make sure my services and repositories where all scoped as LifestyleType.Transient so the ISession wasn't wiped out. Great spot Mookid8000 without even seeing my castle registration code initially. For anybody that is intrested contact me and i can send you my container setup.","Did you remember to register your repositories with a transient lifestyle? If your repositories are singletons (which is the default lifestyle with Windsor), then the injected  instance will be ""caught"", resulting in closed session errors later on. Note that any services using your repositories must also have a transient lifestyle, as well as any services using those services, and so on. Generally, you could say that the lifestyle granularity should not increase as you go further away from the composition root, otherwise some kind of scoping will happen. Of course this is not always a problem, but it can lead to errors that are pretty hard to diagnose.",0.0,3,1916,5,3,1,1
248,Generic Interface with composed interfaces and multiple concrete implementations,"I want to use a generic interface, that can take other interfaces as properties, that use a concrete implementation. How do I create the pattern, if possible, and how do I resolve the implementation in the service collection. This is going to be used alongside a unit of work and the repository pattern. I've been trying different techniques and implementations through code. Some have been able to compile, but at runtime they have not been able to get resolved. Part of the question is - can the approach be done, the other have I not resolved this correctly.   The desired result is that it should first serve the purpose and secondly get resolved within the service collection / when it is called. Update Thanks for the help. So I think I was caught between two minds of what I was trying to achieve. All I really wanted was one backing class that was exposed via two interfaces that could be combined into one generic interface. I think the following works. Generic Interface takes two or several interfaces.  The interfaces with a class that might be used with the above interface.  Registering in the service collection. I don't think I was registering the interface / implementation correctly before which could have been an issue.  Trying it out  I appreciate that this was probably simpler than it sounded in my initial question. As Flavio Francisco put me on the right track with his first answer, I will up vote it and mark as the answer. Hopefully this will help someone else. Many thanks.",Looks that what you are trying to do is something like this:  Resolver:  Hope that what you want is it.,0.0,0,57,0,1,1,1
249,How to fix 'Uncaught Error: Call to undefined method' in PHP,I have been given the task of migrating an OSCommerce website from a server running PHP 5.3.3 to a server running PHP 7.0.33. The current live website uses OSCommerce version 2.3.4 and I know from reading on the OSC forums that this will cause a lot of errors when moving to a more recent PHP server. Ideally I should upgrade OSC to the latest stable release but there is a lot of custom code that would potentially be an absolute nightmare to integrate and besides I'm under a time constraint to get the site moved and up and running again. I have cleared a lot of basic errors and warnings but the one error I'm having trouble with is the call to the 'messageStack' class which displays a ajax/jquery information box to show items added to the cart or issues with forms etc. The error is:  Fatal error: Uncaught Error: Call to undefined method   messageStack::alertBlock() in   /home/xxxx/public_html/xxxx/includes/classes/message_stack.php:66   Stack trace: #0   /home/xxxx/public_html/xxxx/includes/modules/product_listing.php(4):   messageStack->output('product_action') #1   /home/xxxx/public_html/xxxx/index.php(227):   include('/home/xxxx...') #2 {main} thrown in   /home/xxxx/public_html/xxxx/includes/classes/message_stack.php   on line 66  The line in question is:  message_stack.php  and alertbox.php  Does anyone have an idea as to why this is happening? I've posted this exact question on the OSCommerce forums but as yet no reply so I thought I would ask here in case any of you kind people could possibly help.,"Until PHP 7.0, you could define the constructor of a class by writing a function that has the exact same name as the class, which seems to be the case here :  and .  Now, this behaviour is deprecated : PHP constructors  Old style constructors are DEPRECATED in PHP 7.0, and will be removed in a future version. You should always use __construct() in new code.   You can modify your  with ",,0,1668,1,1,1,1
250,Laravel Cannot Decrypt Encrypted ID On Controller,I cannot decrypt the encrypted value on a controller after clicking on the submit button on my blade file below. Controller :  Blade: (my.blade.edit)  I am expecting an integer value on my  but I still getting an encrypted string.,"Well, as I've already written in the comments, first and simple is to check expected output and exact output. So far we discovered, that value was sent to view isn't equal to value received in  method.  was encrypted twice, but we don't see two  calls in the code from the question. Probably some other code layer was making that.",,0,65,1,1,1,1
251,Spring batch conditional flow configuration error,"I have an XML-configured step, and I wanted to add the  elements in order to get conditional flowing in my job :  This gets me the following error :  So where should I put these (I've tried at the end of step, inside tasklet...) ?",transitions elements should be put after the  element. So in your case the following should work:  Note that the  element should be inside the  element.,,0,246,1,1,1,1
252,Gradle externalized configuration,"We have multiple projects/services where we do repeat same configuration over and over again as a part of build.gradle file. Examples could be configuration for spotless plugin, docker, junit/jacoco, versioning, groovy tasks, etc.  I wonder is there a way to externalize it or move to single place so that if needed we can update configuration once instead of doing the same across each and every project. Very naive idea is to have master-build.gradle file stored in it's own git repo and where needed we can refer it as a git submodule with capabilities to extend/rewrite. Open for any ideas. Thanks!","Gradle scripts can be reused by creating external script files and importing them using .  also accepts an URL, so you can use something like   Note tough that using plain references (URLs; or GIT repo URLs) is sub-optimal; a better approach is to identify your build dependencies (and these scripts ARE dependencies!) using  coordinates- that is achieved by writing a plugin and publishing to a repo (eg. to https://plugins.gradle.org/).",,0,46,1,1,0,1
253,How to search entire table for a phrase in Powerquery,"How to check in powerquery, if an entire table contains the search value in any column or any row. Say we have a table:  I want to find in which column and a row there is ? It is c=2 and r=3. I would like to use the coordinates for further data processing.  Here is a code of sample table for your convenience:  ",You may use following technique: ,,1,70,2,1,1,1
254,How to infer the return type of a function based on an argument that contains a generic?,I don't want to specify the function type every time I call it as I suppose the type can be inferred from the argument somehow. Is it possible? Here's my current implementation:  And the errors I'm seeing:  Cannot find name T for  Cannot find name T for  ,"You have to because that's the only way to use a generic type for your parameters, but that doesn't mean you have to type each call.   Would work with  ",,3,52,3,1,1,1
255,POST/DELETE request on Rails looking for a view on Heroku where it shouldn't be. Working perfectly locally,"I have a list of users on the user index page in a Rails app, and the idea is that the user that's logged in can start a friendship with another user by clicking the ""Start Friendship"" button beside their name. This adds a record to the friendships table. The process works perfectly when hosted locally. This uses SQLite (though I don't think it's a database problem) and the log looks like this:  However, when I do the same on the version of the app I have hosted on Heroku (using PostgreSQL), I get the infamous ""We're sorry, but something went wrong(500)"" error. Looking into the logs, it seems that it's looking for a view that isn't there, but I don't know why it's looking for it. Here are the logs:  It doesn't even seem to be getting as far as the database. I've tried moving the coffee-rails gem out of assets into the main body of the Gemfile (as is mentioned here), don't have the haml gem at all (as mentioned here) and my rake db stuff seems right (as mentioned here). The Friendships controller looks like this:  Has anyone got any idea what might be going wrong and how to fix it? The rest of the application works fine! Thanks in advance for any help you can give. UPDATE Just to give an update - I installed PostgreSQL locally to make sure that it wasn't something to do with that. It wasn't. Even in production, it all works when hosted locally. As I say, I think the problem occurs in the fact that it isn't even getting to the database part. FURTHER UPDATE The problem seems to be that it is trying to render a view where there is no view to render. I have tried getting rid of the .js.erb files that were in /app/views/friendships/ to allow the buttons to use Ajax but that doesn't do any good (I'm happy enough to do without Ajax for now). I could put in an .html.erb view, but I don't want one (I just want it to return to the user index page)...though if I can't come up with any other solution, I may try it, just to see if it works. PS I refactored the controller from earlier, so the new version is presented above.","Right, I've got it working, but, to my mind at least, there's no good reason that it works now and didn't before. To get it to work, I enabled debug-level logging in the production.rb file, by putting the following lines in:  (be sure to change the  at the top of the file) and threw some  statements into the controller:  (I was just trying to get some information out). Amazingly it works. If anyone has any idea why this might be, please post it in here. I'm just delighted it does!",,0,371,1,1,1,1
256,Extract sAMAccountName of a User inside a Security Group,"I know that I can do this by querying AD again inside the loop, but that will generate a significant number of calls that I'm hoping to avoid. Here's my code:  How can I pull the list of Security Groups, Members, and then also grab the individual user's sAMAccountName as well? Or is it just not possible without another lookup?","Though the LDAP protocol there is no ability to perform the action you are asking. You of course, could simplify the code layout by making a method call to obtain sAMAccountName from the DN you find listed in the group. These kind of actions are typical within LDAP but they happen very fast.",,0,611,1,1,1,0
257,:disable_with but don't resize,Anyone familiar with the :disable_with option will know that it gets resized on click to accomodate the new text entering the button.  I'd like to have the button keep its original size regardless of the button's new content.  Anyone know a way to do that? Thanks,"When you are using the  option, you are using the Rails Unobtrosive Javascript driver, jquery-ujs since Rails 3.1 which calls the  data handler here:  If you'll notice, nothing is re-sizing your button here. The expansion is most likely caused by the extra text, although it may be caused by some default jQuery CSS attached to the  attribute (I haven't actually checked but this seems very unlikely). I suggest writing rigid CSS rules to keep the box from re-sizing or doing anything else you dislike. Either way this will fix your problem.",1.0,1,374,1,1,0,1
258,Resque - Can be used to execute Rake Tasks?,"I'm studying the possibilitie of using Resque in order to store rake tasks as jobs, and executing them later across multiple workers. Is this possible? I've already read the documentation for redis+resque, and tried to search examples of someone doing this, without success. The rake tasks that I would like to execute as jobs, would fire cucumber+selenium to perform some web automation tests, that takes some time to complete. Thanks in Advance! Rodrigo. ","As Amar told, using the invoke worked just fine.",0.0,2,963,2,1,0,0
259,Fallback AJAX file upload for Internet Explorer,"I have implemented an AJAX file uploader in HTML5 using xHR2 and File api for an internal project. We were only required to support Firefox/Safari/Chrome. I used the following links as a reference  http://www.html5rocks.com/en/tutorials/file/xhr2/ http://www.html5rocks.com/en/tutorials/dnd/basics/ https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Using_files_from_web_applications  Now I am required to support Internet Explorer 10 and below. IE 10 supports XHR2 but File API support is lacking. Is there a way to detect that these APIs are not supported? If I can detect that the APIs are not supported, then how do I implement AJAX file upload for IE? I am using Google Closure JS library not jQuery or any other library. The choice of library cannot be changed. Please use jQuery or some ones to that effect in the response. However, any code snippets that use jQuery are perfectly alright.","Recently I've been working on a file uploader to be used together with google closure library. I found the fine-uploader library a good start. It's not written with the closure library, but it provides me the basic guidelines: uses xhr to upload a file if supported, otherwise fallback to form post into a hidden iframe. In my code, I implemented two classes: one uses a  to upload a file, and the other use 's  method to upload a file.",1.0,1,7636,2,1,0,1
260,Access the next item of a tableView populated by a plist,"I have a tableView populated by a plist. Each item in the plist has its own id. The plist is structured like this:  Due that an image talks better than 1000 words, here it is:  Now, I would like to access to the next item of the plist from the detailView, but I don't know how to do or what the mechanism should be like. I googled a lot to accomplish this but I didn't find anything that could actually help me, that's why I'm asking here. I already have the plist opened in the detailView (opened from the tableView accessing the id), and I would like to create a button or something to go to the next item. In example, if the detailView is the id of Item 0, I need to access the next id, which is Item 1 id. Has anyone done this before? Thank you very much in advance.","It's so easy, load your plist in DetailView and do the rest.",,1,152,2,1,1,0
261,Extending Simple.Data with assertions,"I'm using this very nice mini ORM, Simple.Data, to setup a lot of test data, quick and easy. I would really like to extend it for assertions. For example i would like to assert on count:  So that I could evaluate more or less like you would do with FluentAssertions. It could look like this:  But I'm finding it very hard to do this without loosing the advantage of dynamics. Does anyone have a hint of how this could be done or if its even possible within reason? I'm currently traversing the src at GitHub trying to find a way i can do this locally and toying around with impromptu to find a way.","Sadly, there is no happy answer to this. Dynamic and extension methods do not mix, as explained by Jon S and Eric L here: Extension method and dynamic object The answer, as in that question, is either to invoke ShouldBe as a static method:  or to inline-cast the method's return value to the known type:  Or, as you are investigating, to use Impromptu to apply an interface to MyTable with a GetCount method. I'm guessing you've seen my blog post on Simple.Data and Impromptu, but if you haven't: http://blog.markrendle.net/2012/10/12/howto-dial-up-the-static-on-simple-data/",,3,171,2,1,1,1
262,Empty file when saving as PNG,"I’ve got a method which takes an input image, does some things to the image, then saves it to another file. At its most basic it resizes the image, but it can do a few more complicated things like converting to greyscale, quantizing etc, but for the case of this question I’m only attempting to resize the image and not performing any of the other actions. It looks something like:  Then to use it I’d call something like:  That should open up the “image.png” file, resize in to 300×300, then save it to “output.png” as a PNG file. But it’s not working—the file that gets created is in the correct location but has a file size of zero and contains no image at all. This also only seems to happen when I pass in the parameter ; if I pass , then it works fine and creates the image file perfectly. I’m wondering if there’s some sort of delay occurring between creating the image and somewhere else in the code attempting to access the image that’s been created (not in the above code) which locks up the file and so it’s never written to? Could that be the case? Any ideas what else could be going on? Cheers Edits:  remove redundant cast pointed out by Lloyd ",There are some historical issues with saving bitmaps as png. Using  can resolve this See  System.Windows.Media.Imaging.PngBitmapEncoder And How to: Encode and Decode a PNG Image for a sample.,1.0,4,1363,3,1,1,1
263,How come the mouseover and mouseout events for MarkerClustererPlus.js are not firing for my cluster?,"The  and  events are not firing for the MarkerCluster class as per the MarkerClustererPlus documentation. I even tried stuffing it in the  event as I noticed you need to wait for this before doing anything else with the clusters, but no luck. ","Found it. There's a bug in the markerclusterer.js file version 2.0.15 as of 1/29/13. In the MarkerClusterer.js file (non-packed version), change this:  }; to this:  ... and it will work.",,2,2787,3,1,1,1
264,How to use DD4T to get content from Tridion and publish using MVC3?,I am creating a new application regarding publishing content from Tridion to web using DD4T and MVC3. Can anyone did something like that or have an idea about the same so please it would be of great help to me if one can provide the help. Thanks in advance,Your first stop should be the DD4T Project wiki:  http://code.google.com/p/dynamic-delivery-4-tridion/wiki/TableOfContents?tm=6  Apart from that I find Albert Romkes post very useful to get started:  http://albertromkes.com/2011/08/24/tridion-and-asp-net-mvc3/ ,,-1,677,4,1,0,0
265,TSQL MERGE command appears to not actually merge,"I'm studying the code here. When I cut-n-paste the following code from there: -- MERGE statement with the join conditions specified correctly.  It produces the output they say, BUT it doesn't actually change the TARGET table.  How do I get it to actually change the results of the TARGET table?  Is there some kind of switch?",Replace the   with a  The target table is being changed hence you seeing the correct  but then you are undoing it in the next statement by rolling back the transaction.,,1,94,4,1,1,1
266,Is the PowerShell Pipeline a continuous feed?,"Do the items being sent into the pipeline from a CmdLet get passed into the next CmdLet immediately, or do they go into an internal PS 'accumulator' that stores them up until the current CmdLet completes and then feeds them into the next? Is there a parameter that can configure continuous mode? If a CmdLet takes single objects, it can be called as data comes into the pipeline, but if a CmdLet takes an array, perhaps PS accumulates and sends the whole array in. Sorting needs a complete set, for example. I'm interested in writing long-running, open-ended, streaming style CmdLets. Thanks. I can't find any in-depth discussion on the pipeline.","First Part: No, PowerShell functions do not necessarily get passed into a cmdlet immediately but instead go into a special variable called $input. $input is populated with all the incoming pipeline objects before a function begins to execute. If necessary, PowerShell may even delay execution until all incoming pipeline data is complete. Second Part: If you'd like to continuously process your data instead of waiting for it to come in and be stored in $input, you can use the filter keyword in place of the function key word when writing your functions/filters (filters behave similarly to functions except they don't wait for data, but use it as it becomes available). e.g.  Hope this helps, lest I plagiarize though, all of this is gotten from the book ""Microsoft Windows PowerShell Programming For the Absolute Beginner"" by Jerry Lee Ford, Jr should you want to take a further look.",,3,352,4,1,0,1
267,wamp server locally denied?,"I have just installed Wamp Server 2 to my pc. and I cannot access phpmyadmin, or even index.php at root directory, it all gives 403 Forbidden. I have also tried to change permission from alias.conf it did not work. Do you have any idea how to solve this, or any offer is worth to try, please share. Thanks in advance. PS: OS: W7, antivirus KasperSky, windows firewall off. EDIT: restarting wamp solved phpmyadmin access but directory access (ie: ) is still forbidden. EDIT2: I can now access my index.php through the url:  but I cannot still access  and I shall use  EDIT3: Logs are full of : ","See my old guide here, many of my friend has this error and this guide works http://www.hieule.info/site/web/solve-the-denied-access-problem-when-using-wamp-server-2-on-windows-8- Hope this works for you too.",1.0,3,15419,5,1,1,0
268,MYSQL query to select users from a table who have the most entries,"I currently have a table in this structure:  I want to be able to select the top 3 's from the table according to the amount of entries, so the three user's with the most rows in the table. (it only shows the user with the id 111 in the screenshot below but there are obviously a lot more entries in this table). Does anyone have any suggestions?",Try this: ,,1,1363,5,1,1,1
269,Select middle rows in sql,I have a table in my SQLServer database with almost 100K records in it and a web application in which I want to show a paged gridView presentation of these rows. Clearly I should filter the rows and return a small subset of them to client(because of the Ajax performance on web). Here's my main problem. What's the best approach to select the middle rows? For example How can I select the rows from #50000 to #50010? Is there a way like  or  that selects the rows from middle of the table rows. I'm using linq2sql in a .NET MVC web application & also can code SQL StoredProcedures. Any suggestion will be appreciated.,"In  this is not that hard. You can use:  Scott Guthrie has a post on this matter, which has some more explanation. And  will actually produce sql using . Some small hint, the order of your expressions is important:       ",1.0,1,3501,5,1,1,1
270,Get location coordinates using bing or google API in python,"Here is my problem. I have a sample text file where I store the text data by crawling various html pages. This text contains information about various events and its time and location. I want to fetch the coordinates of these locations. I have no idea on how I can do that in python. I am using nltk to recognize named entities in this sample text. Here is the code:  Sample file is something like this:  La bohème at Covent Garden When: 18 Jan 2013 (various dates) , 7.30pm  Where: Covent Garden,   London, John Copley's perennially popular Royal Opera production of   Puccini's La bohème is revived for the first of two times this season,   aptly over the Christmas period.  Sir Mark Elder conducts Rolando   Villazón as Rodolfo and Maija Kovalevska as Mimì. Mimì meets poet   Rodolfo (Dmytro Popov sings the role on 5 and 18 January) one cold   Christmas Eve in Paris' Latin Quarter.  Fumbling around in the dark   after her candle has gone out, they fall in love. Rodolfo lives with   three other lads: philosopher Colline (Nahuel di Pierro/Jihoon Kim on   18 January), musician Schaunard (David Bizic)  and painter Marcello   (Audun Iversen), who loves Musetta (Stefania Dovhan). Both couples   break up and the opera ends in tragedy as Rodolfo  finds Mimì dying of   consumption in a freezing garret.  I want to fetch coordinates for Covent Garden,London from this text. How can I do it ?","You really have two questions:  How to extract location text (or potential location text). How to get location (latitude, longitude) by calling a Geocoding service with location text.  I can help with the second question. (But see edit below for some help with your first question.) With the old Google Maps API (which is still working), you could get the geocoding down to one line (one ugly line):  Check out the Google Maps API Geocoding Documentation: Here’s the readable 7 line version plus some wrapper code (when calling from the command line remember to enclose address in quotes):  It's simple to parse the CSV format, but the XML format has better error reporting. Edit - Help with your first question I looked in to . It's not trivial, but I can recommend Natural Language Toolkit Documentation, CH 7 - Extracting Information from Text, specifically, . At the end of the section, they point out:  NLTK provides a classifier that has already been trained to recognize named entities, accessed with the function nltk.ne_chunk(). If we set the parameter binary=True , then named entities are just tagged as NE; otherwise, the classifier adds category labels such as PERSON, ORGANIZATION, and GPE.  You're specifying , but you probably want the category labels, so:  This provides category labels (named entity type), which seemed promising. But after trying this on your text and a few simple phrases with location, it's clear more rules are needed. Read the documentation for more info.",5.0,3,7404,5,1,1,1
271,Removing window frame / border properly,"I've been working on a custom GUI framework since I just can't deal with managed crap or native code which requires development of UIs through markup (XAML). I am trying to create a prototype of an application which uses that GUI framework, but I am having a platform-specific issue with the nature of windows within WinAPI. The DWM doesn't really allow customization of the non-client area which breaks immersion, the only thing it allows is extension into the client area in order to give an illusion of customization.  So, the best course of action is to reconstruct the ""non-client area"" within the client area (relative to WINAPI) and that required me to strip the caption, maximize, minimize buttons etc. So, I basically enumerated all the things I want out and OR-ed them together and flipped all the bits in order to deactivate them.   Once these style go away, I cannot use normal shutdown procedures (Alt+F4, or right clicking in the taskbar and going ""Close"") because they don't work. I had to intercept VK_ESCAPE and PostQuitMessage(0) manually just so I could exit without being forced to kill the process. Why is this so? And how can I fix this?","The short answer Replace:   With:  And no more funky behavior. The application responds correctly. Enjoy the cake. The long answer Ah, as with everything on MSDN lately, the cake is a lie. Window styles are not really just visual. They also specify what inherent window functionalities are available to the application's window(s). Now, there is a fair amount of trickery here to be observed. First of all, the MSDN isn't really forthcoming and useful with its window style definition table. The default behavior for windows is the classic caption, close, border package which is identified as the  which occupies the simplest expression, 0 (a 32-bit value, all bits down, 0x00000000), so someone wishing to rush through things could just set 0 for styles in the  function and it would yield a classic window. What you want is a bare-bone, dirty and empty window. And Microsoft's got exactly the thing you're looking for -  which sets the highest bit to 1 and everything else is 0. This will drop all the fancy resizing automata, window captioning and the cute minimize, maximize and close buttons. Which means you're going to have to reimplement everything. But that's what you're going for, right? Just flipping all the bits isn't enough, you will drop the wanted options, but also activate the rest of the options resulting in the application acting funny, what you're experiencing right now. Therefore, you either AND it with something else or use something readily defined by Microsoft - . And again. Enjoy the cake and happy coding.",1.0,3,2321,6,1,1,1
272,C Bubble Sort: Sorted array loses biggest data piece and is replaced by a memory address,"Output I'm getting:  The base array  7290 5184 6174 8003 7427 2245 6522 6669 8939 4814 The Sorted array -33686019 2245 4814 5184 6174 6522 6669 7290 7427 8003  Press any key to continue . . .  I have no idea where this, -33686019, number is coming from. I've posted all of the code because I really don't know what could be causing it.  The Bubble Sort:  The Sorting Class:  Other Called Functions:  The Main Function: ",The following bit is not correct:  It is accessing one beyond the boundary of the array.  The  loop should probably be: ,,1,551,6,1,1,1
273,Click-through form on condition,"I have a form which has various buttons and panels. I have one button which when pressed runs a check against some values and if the check passes I need the mouse click to fall through the form and hit whatever it is beneath the application window. What I'm currently doing is after the button is pressed and the check has passed, I set the form to transparent using:  Then I create a 1 millisecond timer, I simulate the mouse click using:  And set the form back to normal. This results in a really inconsistent and sometimes slow/unresponsive behavior.  What other options do I have if I want to simulate a mouse click as soon as the button's check has passed?","The point is to use  as  and  of your form. Then make button invisible, and simulate a click event, then make the button visible again. In this example, when you click on the button, it makes the form transparent and then simulates a click to pass through the form.  Notes Make Transparent and Click Through To make a form Transparent and make clicks pass through the form, you can simply Set the  property and  property of your form to the same color . Pay attention that the key point is using Magenta as  and . For example, if you use Red, it makes the form transparent but doesn't make it click through. If you have some controls on your form, they will remain visible and will receive clicks. If you need to make them invisible, you can simply set  property of them to  Make Normal To make that form normal, it's enough to set  to another color different than , for example ",1.0,4,993,4,9,1,1
274,codeigniter ajax form submit,"i have a form (made through codeigniter) that i want to submit with ajax onClick. Form submits without Ajax and doesnt let me do   jQuery file  // Controller works just fine. name register, function that i POST to is registration_val HTML file   Problem is, when I click on SUBMIT button, jQuery doesnt do its work, instead, form submits itself to the controller and gives out an ERROR message. I cannot prevent the form from submitting (which i think would solve the problem), the Click event is completely ignored.  Thanks in advance","Try your luck with the  event instead of :  If the from has an  replace  with . Notes:  The code should be inside a DOM ready event callback. If the form doesn't exist on DOM ready, you should use delegate event.  Like with this:  Just replace  with a closer static element (if there is one) to enhance performance.  Good Luck!",1.0,2,7237,7,2,1,1
275,Easy way to override toString() in Java,"I have a java bean with many fields. I have know how to override  using StringBuilder and directly using field names. Is there any way to do it in better way like, without field names? Thanks in advance. P.S: this bean is already implemented in my product.",I often use Apache Common Lang's  like so:  This uses reflection to generate a  for the object in question.,2.0,2,790,9,2,1,1
276,simpleDialog plugin won't work,"For my project I need to popup an image when i push a button.  I am trying to use the SimpleDialog plugin, which you can see over here. I am doing this in my HTML  I have included the JS and CSS properly. But for some reason it won't work. Does anybody have an idea? Or an other alternative for the SimpleDialog plugin? Kind Regards ------EDIT ------- OK I got it to work with the example above. But now I only want to show an image. So I do this in my script.  But this wont work. Anybody can help?","Updated my post, this should work. ",,1,985,0,3,1,1
277,jQuery UI modal confirmation dialog with ASP.NET not firing onClick event,"jQuery newbie here. I've looked at dozens of similar questions on this site, as well as the answers provided so far here, all having pretty much the same response, and I've tried all of them, but nothing is working for me. For the Javascript code in my .aspx, I currently have:  The markup for ""btnCancel"" looks like this - notice that I don't have an ""onClientClick"" attribute because jQuery is supposed to do this for me, right?  And here's the markup I have for the cancellation dialog:  According to all the examples I've seen (and the answers provided here), this should give me a jQuery UI popup with my two buttons that just works. The page is no longer posting back when I hit the cancel button (due to the changes I made at Patrick Scott's suggestion). I could just use a standard Javascript confirm() dialog for this, but I want to be able to customize the prompts/styling. The only other information I can think of to throw in is that this code is on an ASP.NET Wizard control (the cancel button is in the StepNavigationTemplate), but that shouldn't matter, should it? Any hints as to what I need to change to get this working are greatly appreciated! (question & code updated to reflect recent changes I've made)","I figured it out! It turns out that  tags (nor most other tags, it seems) cannot be self-closed in HTML4 or HTML5. I was writing them like so:  when according to the standard, they must be written like so:  This was allowing my first  include to work (jquery-1.7.2.min.js), but following ones to fail. Weird, huh? Here are some links with supporting information:  http://www.w3.org/TR/html4/interact/scripts.html#h-18.2.1 (the HTML4 specification) Can the <script> tag not be self closed? http://tiffanybbrown.com/2011/03/23/html5-does-not-allow-self-closing-tags/ ",,1,3894,0,3,1,1
278,Counting a sum with great numbers of summands,"There's a task to count a sum, summands which is numbers with an even number of ones in bin and each number raised to the power of 4. The problem is that the last summand is 264, so the usual calculation takes a long time. I think dynamic programming can help here, but i can't realize how to use it here. Here's an example:  Please, can anyone help me with this problem?","There's a formula to calculate the sum of the powers of 4 of all integers from 1 to n: sum(k4) for 1<=k<=n = (6*n5 + 15*n4 + 10*n3 - n) / 30 In your problem you need to sum up only powers of 4 of k's that have an even number of ones in their binary representation. And this formula doesn't exclude k's with odd number of ones. However, my gut feeling tells me that the sum of powers of 4 of k's that have an odd number of ones should be about the same as the sum of powers of 4 of k's with an even number of ones. It turns out that if you calculate these two sums for a range of k's, these sums will be exactly the same once in a while, once in every 32 k's:  Without a formal proof I propose that the answer therefore is: ((6*n5 + 15*n4 + 10*n3 - n) / 30) / 2 where n=264-1.",0.0,2,660,1,3,0,1
279,Collapse &nbsp; at the beginning of lines in a <p> tag,"I'm using TinyMCE to allow my users to create their own web pages.  My goal is to have what people type into the editor look exactly like the page it publishes.  I've almost got it, except Tinymce adds a  if a user puts two spaces in between their sentences.  Obviously, in the editor, it collapses that  if it's at the beginning of a line so that every line is all the way against the left side of the editor.  In the finished page though, this creates situations where there's a space at the beginning of a line in a 'p' tag.  I could just strip out the , but then it would look differently in the editor than the final page. Does anyone know of a way to collapse a  at the beginning of lines in a  tag?  Or is there a way to format this differently in TinyMCE so that the editor and the final page would look the exact same?  Thanks!","As Diodeus stated already you cannot collapse a single character and you will have to strip it out if you want to get rid of it. Many browsers will 'compress' more than one entered space in a row to one single space. This means there will be one visible space only even if the user entered 15 spaces. That's the reason why tinymce enters a protected space. Now, all spaces entered will be shown for the price of a different kind of space. Update: Example code to insert a span and check for its position. The values summing up to ""left"" will be of interest for you ",,2,366,1,3,1,1
280,two rows of two buttons in html on right side without disrupting the left side,I am trying to make a menu consisting of four buttons on my webpage and I want two buttons on the top and two buttons on the bottom.  I have the following CSS code:  and then used br to make the second two go down but then it disrupted everything on the left side of the page.  How can I make 4 equally sized buttons sit evenly in the top right corner.  Right now because the words are slightly different sizes the buttons are a little different and I would love for the them to be exactly equal. Thanks!,Try this. I just made it. Just view the source and copy the HTML+CSS.,0.0,1,383,1,3,1,0
281,Conditional Where clause if Left Join returns rows?,"I feel like there is a way to do this using conditional Cases or Ifs, but I just can't figure it out. The query below joins three tables together and works great if all three tables return rows.  However, there are cases where records exist in campaign_groups and new_advertisers, but none in payment_transactions. Because of the WHERE clause making sure the payment_transactions.transaction_date >= campaign_groups.date_created, rows with zero transactions are excluded. Is there a way to apply the WHERE clause only when the LEFT JOIN returns rows? ",Move the condition into your ON clause: ,,1,624,2,3,1,1
282,"Sql Server 2008 - Split Parameter by Space, Return Records LIKE All Split Results","I am passing in a  parameter to a stored procedure (VARCHAR).  The parameter could be something like .  I want to return records where the column contains both  and .  These records would return:      I have a split function to split the  parameter by the space, but I have no idea how to include this in the where clause ... I also need to ignore the  parameter when it is .    Disclaimer: I apologize if this was previously asked ... I searched   for a while and didn't find anything. ","Well, if you want to have a result that have all the words on your parameter, you can do something like this: ",,1,666,2,3,1,1
283,excel different SUM.IF array function,"I have a very specific report, which I can't change the layout. Basicly, it looks like this:  Ergo, lines CAN be repeated, and when they do, the value (C) stays the same for this line.  Using conditional formatting, (=$A2<>$A1), the repeated values (C-column only) are made white. How can I do a SUM of these values, so that each distinct line will only be calculated once (Should return 45)? In advance, thanks PS: I'm using Excel 2003","When I put this in cell  and enter it as an array formula (Ctrl+Shift+Enter), it works for your scenario.  But note that there's blank row in Row 8 for this to work: ",,0,585,2,3,1,1
284,How to return php array from mysql into google geolocation,"I have data in mysql database and I want to be able to read that data in php array and use it for google geolocation. So for this example I want to use only  statement, as I will not be bothering you with some parameters... What I want to achieve is to get marked line from point A to point B ( depending where GPS location was saved ) This is the link what I want to have on my map: POLYLINE in this example there are only 4 data in the array I want to have it more. So now we can get back to the code. This is my PHP script for connecting to mysql. I have been using mysqli as I will have stored procedures later one in the database, so don't get confused.  How to connect this php script to code that is example on google API page, and insert my array values when button is clicked instead of the fixed ones:  EDIT: this is what I get when I do your code:  EDIT2: ",Im guessing that you need to iterate between the results and then echo them into the javascript. Im assuming you have the lat and lng stored in your database.  And then on your javascript section  Edit: ,,2,1387,2,3,1,1
285,NSXMLParser issue : don't get all data?,I'm developing an application that needs to get data from an XML file. Some of the nodes have a lot of characters and I've a problem using this function :  For example for the description node of an item I will get only the 20-30 last characters whereas I would get 200 or 300. I checked this out with a NSLog and it appears the problem comes from here. Do you know what's wrong ? Thanks for any advice.,"SAX parsers do not guarantee to get all characters at once. You may get multiple calls with chunks of characters from any given block; your code should concatenate them into a single string.  The parser object may send the delegate several parser:foundCharacters: messages to report the characters of an element. Because string may be only part of the total character content for the current element, you should append it to the current accumulation of characters until the element changes.  ",,1,459,2,3,1,1
286,How to add a css class to the first column of a CellTable widget (GWT)?,"I use a CellTable widget in GWT. I want to change the font size of every texts contained in the first column. The method  does not fit my need because it adds the class to the  tag; only partial css is handled on this tag, and I can't change the font attributes of a colgroup (it has no incidence on text). So, I want to add a class on each  of the first column but cannot find an easy way to do that.  Something like setRowStyles for columns would be fine but it doesn't exist... Have you got some hint about doing such a thing ? EDIT: I use GWT 2.3 and not 2.4 (which has the method setCellStyleNames)",It's as easy as calling  on the  instance.,,2,591,3,3,1,1
287,using dapper to replace a fully fledged OR/M,"I'm really impressed by Dapper micro OR/M, I really would like to use it as a side by side companion of some fully fledged OR/M, and my be evantually in place of it. I did not figure out anyway if there is some strategy to deserialize a hierarchy from db: for example the returned object for a recordset row would depend on a field ( the so called 'discriminator' in NH for example ). Furthermore the hierarchy can split more table via a join, so the type that represent the row will depend on the existence of the record in the other table. Having a hierarchy represented by a mixture of the two strategy above would be something that NH for example does not support, but that exist in the 'relational life'. So the questions:  does Dapper handle such a scenario ? does this scenario wanish the Dapper efforts in term of performance ?  Another topic is caching. Dapper cache for queries is a little to much aggressive, wouldn't be better to have some ""session like context"" and have a query cache for each session, or would this again offend the main Dapper motivations ?","At the moment Dapper does not support custom construction logic, I guess what you are asking for is something like:   We decided against implementing such logic cause we never really had to solve a problem like this in real life. It also introduces a fair amount of internal complexity and a fair amount of external complexity (as you need to switch on ).  I am not categorically against including this kind of feature if you can make a good argument for inclusion and the patch is simple. I am also all for adding hooks in Dapper to allow you to inject this kind of functionality.  As to the caching strategy, we find that in general use we never ever bloat the cache, bloating only happens if you are misusing dapper by say, generating unparameterized SQL. I totally support adding a hook that would allow you to specify your own cache provider instead of the  used now.  ",1.0,6,877,5,3,0,1
288,Forcing NVIDIA GPU programmatically in Optimus laptops,"I'm programming a DirectX game, and when I run it on an Optimus laptop the Intel GPU is used, resulting in horrible performance. If I force the NVIDIA GPU using the context menu or by renaming my executable to bf3.exe or some other famous game executable name, performance is as expected. Obviously neither is an acceptable solution for when I have to redistribute my game, so is there a way to programmatically force the laptop to use the NVIDIA GPU? I've already tried using DirectX to enumerate adapters (IDirect3D9::GetAdapterCount, IDirect3D9::GetAdapterIdentifier) and it doesn't work: only 1 GPU is being reported (the one in use).","The Optimus whitepaper at http://www.nvidia.com/object/LO_optimus_whitepapers.html is unclear on exactly what it takes before a switch to GPU is made. The whitepaper says that DX, DXVA, and CUDA calls are detected and will cause the GPU to be turned on. But in addition the decision is based on profiles maintained by NVIDIA and, of course, one does not yet exist for your game. One thing to try would be make a CUDA call, for instance to . As opposed to DX and DXVA, there is not way for the Intel integrated graphics to handle that, so it should force a switch to the GPU.",13.0,26,11384,5,3,0,1
289,Get maximum Count Lists Nested inside a list,"I have a list of employees, and all of them have another list nested which is called the DisplayList. Now not all the employees have the same amount of DisplayFields.  So I wish to get those with the highest DisplayFields, so that I can incorporate everyone in the display. At the moment I have the following :-  however for some reason, I am getting all the employees in the employeeHighList and not just the ones who have the highest display count. I think the GroupBy is not correct, but don't know what's wrong with it. Any help will be very much appreciated! Thanks",,,3,5452,12,3,1,1
290,wordpress change home name to blog,"Can you please help me ,to change ""Home"" button name to ""Blog"" in word-press. And later can i create a new page with ""Home"" name. Does it conflict with the default ""Home"" which word-press already provides? Many Thanks",Go to your wp-include folder and open post-template.php file .Under this file search following code  Now change $text from Home to your desired one.,,-2,348,0,4,0,1
291,No 'MediaTypeFormatter' is available to read an object of type 'String',"I'm using the ASP.NET Web API. I have an action in my controller which works fine if there's no parameter. If there is a parameter, like:  then my action isn't called and I get the following message,  viewed in Fiddler:  No 'MediaTypeFormatter' is available to read an object of type 'String' with the media type 'multipart/form-data'  The route in my  is as follows:  I'm using Jquery Post to call the action:  Here's my action method:  Is this a known problem, with a workaround? How can I have a simple action with parameter?","Assuming you're using the default routes, it looks like you're posting to an incorrect path. This is a common confusion that MVC developers seem to encounter (i know i did).  MVC uses a default path like: .    In web API's default routing setup, however, the action name is skipped () then the method is found through the intersection of the HTTP verb name (post), the method name (Post___) and parameter if necessary.  Assuming you have an API controller named , you should have an action named .   Some things to notice...  I started the name of your action with the text ""Post..."" this matters, the remainder of the name does not Your post url was shorted to the name of the controller. I went more in depth explaining the mapping here.   EDIT Apparently your experiencing an odity of WebAPI.  The way around this is to stuff your ""actionType"" parameter into a simple object, so model binding can take over. Rick Strahl explains this and some other binding oddities here. There is also another SO question addressing similar issues.",,3,16665,1,4,1,1
292,Layout does not Appear Right in iPad/Safari,"I've been building the website http://orion.viperdmc.com. The layout seems to work fine on all browsers except for Safari running on the iPad. On that browser, if I resize the page so that the large image at the top fits the iPad display, the content below appears left-aligned instead of center. Does anyone have any ideas why this might be?",Ok I think you can fix it by matching the width of the first container in the mark-up to the image (): So add a class of  to the first  in your markup:  Then target it with the CSS below. ,,2,699,1,4,0,1
293,How to apply a htaccess only when arriving on the website?,"Let me explain the problem. We have a website in 2 languages: fr & nl (dutch). When you arrive on our website, you land on www.domain.be which redirects you (as you can see in the following code) to the dutch version if your browser language is set to 'nl' and if it's set to 'en' (because dutch people often use this language for they browser) or leave you on www.domain.be / fr.domain.be (both url are work to call the website - the fr... one is more in response of the nl... one)  On the website, you can choose, by clicking on 2 links (in the top right corner), if you want to go to fr.domain.be or nl.domain.be. When you click on one of those link, the htaccess redirects you even if you want to go to the fr part (while navigating on the dutch one) and the same on the nl part. How can I solve that? I would like the htaccess to only redirect you when you first come to the website but then be desactivated and allow the user to choose his language if he wants to. Could you please help me? I'm on this for like two days...","You're only redirecting the site base , so swith directly to another page should not be a problem. Can't you just use a fake index page when you manually switch ? Like http://nl.domain.be/index ",,0,96,1,4,1,1
294,TSQL Month and Year to Date Conversion,I have a table that stores an  for month and year. I need to convert that to a date (we can use the first day of the month and the ). I tried something like below but got an error about converting  to   End result should be be something like   so I can check the date against a start and end date that I pass to the function.,"You could try something like this, modified for your use: ",,1,116,2,0,1,1
295,My haskell code have error to openFile with haskell,"Im beginner and im trying to read files of a folder calles ""papers""(you can see the tree of my project in the attached file). Im using this code for do it:   but im having the next error: *** Exception: .: openFile: inappropriate type (is a directory) Someone can help me please?","Again, don't use . I bet your problem is that  returns  and  which are directories. At the very least I would filter those out. If the directory has any sub-directories you will also need to filter those out. Also, I would become familiar with Control.Monad. Try something like this:  Now you can get rid of  and .",,-1,94,2,0,1,1
296,Write a Jquery inside the <?php?> tag,"I want to write Jquery code inside  tag. I wanted to do this so that I can perform  after that. I have tried to echo it, but it doesn't work.   ","Here's a small rearrangement of your code.  You don't have to echo the javascript code every time in the loop! You only need to echo the content from your db inside the loop. In the javascript/jquery, you could bind the click event to the element and do whatever you needed. Hope it helps. ",,0,538,2,0,1,1
297,highcharts pass variable from plotline,I have a working chart (plotline) which displays activity for each month. What I am trying to do is to make each month on the plotline clickable to open another php script. My chart:  How do I get the name of the chart month into my click function: ../month_rooms.php?month= Many thanks in advance for your help and time. Cheers.,You are using the click-event of the point object. In that function the  reference points to the current point that was clicked. You can access every property of that point. The one you are looking for is the current category which is available under the same name. For your redirection-example the code would need to look like this: ,,1,63,2,0,1,1
298,string concatenation and yielding block based on if modifier,"This is a purely ruby syntax question, even though it's in the context of Rails. I have a method which accepts a block and converts it to proc object in its definition:  The block is a piece of html as a string and I want to concatenate it with form.label which itself is returned as a string of html. However, I only want to concatenate the two if the block is given. The above produces syntax error:  Using the if modifier also does not work:  I might also later need to do something like this (in which case I concatenate 3 strings conditionally):  What is the best approach to concatenate a block with a string when the block may be optional? One solution I thought of after asking the question is maybe this: ",You can't concatenate strings like that. The line  isn't a complete line. That's why you're getting the errors. Here are two possible fixes:  Or this ,,1,179,2,0,1,1
299,When should I use prepared statements exactly?,"I want to know, can I just use prepared statements one time? Here is my script:  As you see I didn't use prepared statement for second query. Because I did it for first query and if first query is working then I'm sure arguments are valid and don't need to bind them by prepared statement. Please don't ask me why you don't want to use prepared statemen't for second query, because the reason is too long. So what I'm doing is correct? Isn't there any security problem?","The straight answer is: yes, you can. The reason why is actually up to you, since it's anyway good practice to use prepared statement whenever you pass values. Also consider that, if you are not binding any parameter, it makes more sense to use the query() method, just to be explicit on the fact that you are not going to bind anything. So your second query would be  (see http://php.net/manual/en/pdo.query.php) instead of  Moreover you mentioned a dynamic query, but this is not the case of your sample code. Anyway I will give you an example of how two use prepared statement also on queries dynamically generated. It's a silly example, but should be enough to give you an idea. Assume we have some values to update 'email', 'date_of_birth' and 'website'. Let's say we want to do some check on this data before inserting them. I'll pretend we have a valid() function already in place.  This kind of approach will allow you to keep using prepared statement also with dynamically generated SQL.",,0,42,3,0,1,1
300,WPF MVVM changing parent window viewmodel from icommand execution,I'm currently in the process of mastering the C# WPF MVVM pattern and have stumbled upon a pretty big hurdle... What I am trying to do fire off a  that when successfully executed will allow me to change the parent window's viewmodel. The only issue is I can't quite think of a way to change the parent window's viewmodel without breaking the MVVM design pattern because I can't access the parent window's  that sets its path to the active  in the window. Here's the scenario: In our  we have two DataTemplates:  In our  we have:  The  code behind will set the  In our  we have:  Now for the money... the :  How can I make the Execute method change the window's viewmodel without breaking the MVVM pattern? Things I've tried thus far:  Making the MainWindow have a static Instance singleton that I can access and then change the  property from the command. Attempting to implement some form of routed command listener in the MainWindow and then have commands fire off routed command events to be handled by the parent window.  ,"I've done a quick demo to show one way of doing it. I've kept it as simple as possible to give the general idea. There are lots of different ways of accomplishing the same thing (e.g. you could hold a reference to  inside , handle everything there then call a method on  to trigger the workspace change, or you could use Events/Messages, etc). Definitely have a read of Navigation with MVVM though. That's a really good introduction that I found helpful when I was getting started with it. The key thing to take away from this is to have an outer  or  which handles the navigation, holds references to workspaces, etc. Then the choice of how you interact with this is up to you. In the code below, I've left out the clutter from defining , , etc. to keep it shorter. Window:  MainWindowViewModel (this should be set as the  for the ):  LoginView: In this example I'm binding a  on the  to the  on the   (i.e. ).  LoginViewModel:  LoggedInView:  LoggedInViewModel:  WorkspaceViewModel:   Then some other classes you probably already have implemented (or alternatives). ObservableObject:  RelayCommand:  App.Xaml: ",2.0,3,1889,3,0,1,1
301,Old Isabelle project imports ml file using 'uses' How should I replace this?,I've inherited an old Isabelle project and would like to bring it up to date to work with Isabelle 2016. When the project starts a thy file it often starts:  The uses keyword doesn't seem to exist anymore so I've tried changing this to:  This does include the file properly but I end up with errors within the ML file which may or may not be related such as:  on a line of code with @{thm my_lemma}. Is my change to include the ML file using  command correct? and is this having an effect on the ML errors that I am receiving?,"I am not familiar with the  keyword; that must have been dropped some time before I started using Isabelle.  should be the way to go; however, you have to write  between the  and  commands that start/conclude the theory. Moreover, the  invocation must be after the definition of anything that you use inside the ML file (constants, facts, theorem collections, simprocs, …) In your example, it should look like this:  Note that Isabelle changes a lot. Any ML code that you have – especially if it is that old – will probably need a lot of changes before it works with modern Isabelle versions. It may well be easier to rewrite it from scratch. This is why Isabelle projects should be put into the Archive of Formal Proofs, where they are updated to any changes in the Isabelle system by the developers. Any Isabelle projects outside the AFP are likely to succumb to bit rot within a few years.",,1,59,3,0,1,1
302,EF6: Configure complex mapping for entities (code first),"I've got two db entities I want to configure using EF6 fluent API.  For any configuration I always get an error ""Unable to determine a valid ordering for dependent operations"" when trying to insert an account entity instance into a db like this: ","Fortunately, EF infers foreign key columns  and , so this works for me: ",,3,447,3,0,1,1
303,Cordova InAppBrowser hidden until it finished to load,"I'm using cordova to open a remote url inside my app. My problem is that I obtain a blank screen during the few secondsof content loading.  Is there a way to ""hide"" the browser view during the time it finishes to load the content ?  Thank you",There is  parameter:  See the plugin docs for example details.,,0,2982,4,0,0,1
304,"C++, pointer to a function as a new type","In C++ 2003, typedef may be used only on a complete types. Hence, it is not allow to create pointer to a function and the generic T as a type:  Is there any way how to evade this issue in C++ 2003 or in C++0x using a syntax   I would like to use the pointer to a function fff as a class member  and initialize its value in the constructor. Subsequently:  Is this construction safe? Is there any other way how to solve this problem? Thanks for your help.",You may use alias template (C++11) declaration:  example: http://coliru.stacked-crooked.com/a/5c7d77c2c58aa187 ,,2,57,5,0,1,1
305,Run bat file from Excel using VBA,"I have test.bat file contains script:  Normally when I click on it, it's working fine. Now, I want to run test.bat file from Excel using vba.  something is wrong, because I see only snapshot/clip: like something is open and close into one sec...",just resolved it: ,,3,24022,5,0,1,1
306,"Heroku keys ""Cannot read property 'run' of undefined""","I'm trying to use the Heroku cli ""keys"" functions to upload a ssh key to my account. Unfortunately I run into the following error whenever I try to use any of the keys methods.  Any thoughts would be greatly appreciated.",After speaking with the Heroku support team we found that  fixed the problem.,2.0,9,3174,6,0,1,1
307,Complexity of std::count,I was in some online code quiz website where there is a complexity restriction that the code should not exceed O(N) in both time and memory where N is the size of the vector . My code was exactly (Full Code):  I got a result that I exceed the time complexity. Is there any possibility rather than they are wrong? ,"According to the ref:  Complexity: exactly last - first comparisons / applications of the predicate  they are wrong! And cplusplus agrees:  Complexity: Linear in the distance between first and last: Compares once each element.   Of course, the complexity of std::cbegin(), std::cend() and std::vector::size() is constant.  If I were you, I would contact the site, linking them to this question.",,6,1541,9,0,1,0
308,What does the MSP in STM32CubeMX HAL_xxx_MspInit() functions stand for?,"I was wondering what the abbreviation ""MSP"" in  callbacks stands for. I have seen that in some firmware drivers like the HAL library from ST. For example:  from  and . I am wondering what  refers to. Is it just a naming convention for callbacks from  functions in drivers or does it have a deeper meaning (what I suspect it has). ","In STM32CubeMX it stands for MCU Support Package.   The STM32CubeMX documentation ""STM32CubeMX for STM32 configuration and initialization C code generation"" (UM1718) is clear on this - section 5.1:  It does however somewhat unhelpfully use the term several times in the documentation before it actually defines it!  Other aspects of the STM32CubeMX naming conventions are also defined in this document.",1.0,6,8558,11,0,1,0
309,SLURM: How to run 30 jobs on particular nodes only?,"You need to run, say, 30 srun jobs, but ensure each of the jobs is run on a node from the particular list of nodes (that have the same performance, to fairly compare timings). How would you do it? What I tried:   : runs  on all the nodes simultaneously (what i need: to run  on one of the available nodes from the list)  seems to work, but needs a partition that contains exactly machineN[0-3], which is not always the case.  Ideas?","You can go the opposite direction and use the  option of :  Then slurm will only consider nodes that are not listed in the excluded list. If the list is long and complicated, it can be saved in a file. Another option is to check whether the Slurm configuration includes ''features'' with  If the 'features' column shows a comma-delimited list of features each node has (might be CPU family, network connection type, etc.), you can select a subset of the nodes with a specific features using  ",4.0,9,8231,11,0,1,1
310,"The reference to entity ""useLegacyDatetimecode"" must end with the ';' delimiter","It's one of those days where nothing works as it should.  The above giving me this error message:  The reference to entity ""useLegacyDatetimecode"" must end with the ';' delimiter.     But the thing is that it is wrong:  es explained here.   So what's this all about?",Similar to this.  To embed an ampersand character in a url it needs to coded as  ,2.0,7,6648,21,0,1,1
311,monetdb bulk copy | bulk copy with python,"Am facing issue with file loading for bulk import in monetdb table. provided below are details for re creation of issue: I have installed monetdb version 11.19.9 and python client for monetdb is 11.19.9 too. Created dbform and it's working fine, I have connected to monetdb shell and through python api. Now am trying to import dumped CSV file, content of the csv file are presented below:  Table schema is defined as: * ""Table already have 50 million rows, while csv have only two rows""   username and database name both are ""voc""  command used to import file is as listed below.  Error ""NULL byte in input"" is thrown and nothing is added to table. For Python I have tried using following command:  This code throw Perm Exception:  Now I didn't found any example for python code to use with STDIN, Monetdb cursor does not offer copy_from unlike PostgreSQL where you can Pass file separately. Is there any solution for python? OS?  *** Python example worked fine with user monetdb but for terminal ""NULL byte in input"" is still exist."," works fine for me. The  error indicates that something is wrong with the file you are trying to load. With regards to the other issue (calling COPY INTO from Python), the error message is quite clear as well. Try connecting as the  user. What also works is to inline the CSV data to be imported after the COPY INTO command. Example (Python):  The downside here is that you need to specify the number of records to be imported.",,0,1448,1,3,1,1
312,Live text highlight,Hello I am new with JavaScript trying to find solution for my problem. Is there any way I can live highlight my text like we do in PDF's ? Something like this: Plunker Relevant Code  I have a button which allow/enable text highlighting on click. Then I drag my mouse selecting texts will get yellow background color.  Is this possible ? Any example will really help. Thanks   Demo        ,"The Stack Overflow entry covers numerous methods for highlighting text on a page using javascript: How to highlight text using javascript If this isn't what you wanted, comment below.",,1,107,1,3,1,0
313,Using the MongoDB C# Driver (2.0) how might you specify and UpdateDefinition that will ignore properties with null values,"Contact poco has 5 props - Id, FirstName, LastName, Phone, Email.  Phone and Email are initially null and they are not referenced by client - they are in poco for ""future"" use.  The UpdateDefinition specifies .Set constructs for each property but doing this will add Email and Phone to the document even though they are null - how do we avoid this?","It seems that's not possible. We'd have to ask the authors, but it looks like this is a deliberate choice and I believe it makes sense. Even if you use  and  on the field, an explicit  will still translate more or less directly to . The  method is a very thin wrapper that will create a  which is then sent to the server. The thing is, if this was different, it'd mean that using  with value  translates to a  which would seem really weird and counter-intuitive. The key problem seems to be the use of a ton of explicit atomic operations - why don't you simply replace the document? In a document database, that is most straightforward approach, and  really only makes sense if you have different writers to an object and you want to selectively update only one or two fields, or if the document seems to large to pipe back and forth so, again selectively, you only want to update a few fields. Using  on the entire object seems useless to me. If you have an SQL background, remember that the query language is quite different in that SQL doesn't have a replace operation, it always uses explicit set statements. EDIT: To solve this in an embedded array, the  positional update operator will do the trick, so you can  the entire embedded document:  In C#, this translates to   With  on the  property in , this will work as desired.",,1,1954,2,3,0,1
314,Check duplicate values between multiple inputs and show error message,I have list of inputs from an array created via ng-repeat. I want to check if there are any duplicated values in them. If any duplicated value found it shows an error message. I found what I was wanting in this JS FIDDLE     So I implemented this in my Plunker  But looks like it's not working for some reason. I am using a different nested array of objects here.What I am doing wrong here ?  Thanks in advance.  ,"It doesn't work because you have the wrong key name in the sort function and you are trying to use a nested object. Just modifying it to this will get it to work with the first object in the array.  You would need to iterate through each object though to get it to work for all of them.  Because you are using a nested object, this becomes a slightly more complicated problem to solve.  You have an array of objects that also have arrays in them.  If you (can) put everything into a flatter object, it's simple. The  tells it to access the first object in the csTagGrp array, which is:  So now  accesses the csTags array in the object at [0] in the csTagGrp array and performs the sort on all the  in that array.  So far so good.  But with the object structure you have here, you  need to iterate through both arrays (that is, all the objects in csTagGrp, as well as each csTags array in each csTagGrp object) and perform a sort on ALL of them.  This usually involves multiple for loops.   So to accomplish this, I concat'ed all the csTags arrays (using a for loop) into a new array, , which then gets passed to sort.  This gives us what we need (one flat array) to check all the csTags arrays for duplicates.  Here is the working demo.",,0,1615,3,3,1,1
315,How to introspect into SOAP data types?,"Having never worked with SOAP before, I'm now trying to follow this tutorial to find out about the SOAP service of the Dutch government land register (kadaster.nl):  So I now understand I need to call the method  (which translates as RequestForInformation) with a message of type .  But from here I'm kinda lost. How do I construct such a ? How can I further introspect into this ? Any tips on how to proceed from here would be greatly appreciated. ps. If I should use another library (but I prefer Python) that is also okay. I read good things about suds, but since that didn't have a commit for over 3 years I considered it abandonware. I also tried pysimplesoap, which seems good, but I didn't know how to use it to introspect into the SOAP service.","Your observations to this point are right. But I'd first explore the WSDL with a SOAP client tool to get a grasp on its structure and references. When you look at the WSDL, notice how the types are defined in a referenced  schema named . Then this schema is referencing and including 20 other schema files: High-res image - click here.  Obviously in your case it becomes a nightmare to follow everything by just reading yourself (WSDL is not indended for human reading by design anyway, but yours is very, very nested).  So I suggest you import this WSDL in SOAP UI (it is free, this is what I used in the screenshot above) and create a new project using the WSDL url: http://www1.kadaster.nl/1/schemas/kik-inzage/20141101/verzoekTotInformatie-2.1.wsdl It will import eveything and create a sample request for you. For me it even tried to add some lorem-ipsum sample data, based on the types of the fields:  After everything is imported you can expand the project and then right-click on the binding  and select  to explore any types (including the request) you need to further introspect that are defined in the referenced schemas. With the whole definition at your disposal it will be much easier to do an introspection. In your case, there must be an option to import the WSDL and ""expand"" all the includes/references first and only then begin introspecting, when you have the whole picture available. If there is no such option, you might have to follow the references and includes one by one. Hope this helps as a starting point. Good luck!",,1,1107,3,3,1,1
316,How should awaiting an async task and showing a modal form in the same method be handled?,"I have a windows forms application in which I send an email using SmtpClient. Other async operations in the application use async/await, and I'd ideally like to be consistent in that when sending the mail. I display a modal dialog with a cancel button when sending the mail, and combining SendMailAsync with form.ShowDialog is where things get tricky because awaiting the send would block, and so would ShowDialog. My current approach is as below, but it seems messy, is there a better approach to this? ","I would consider handling the  event and sending the email from there. Since it'll fire asynchronously, you don't need to worry about ""working around"" 's blocking nature, and you have a slightly cleaner way to synchronize closing the form and showing the success or failure message. ",2.0,8,4338,10,3,1,1
317,Observable's doOnError correct location,"I am kind of new to , and I am still trying to figure them out. I have the following piece of code:   returns an . Does the location of  matters? Also, what is the effect of adding more than one call to it in this piece of code? I have realised I can do it and all of them get invoked, but I am not sure of what could be its purpose.","Yes, it does.  acts when an error is passing through the stream at that specific point, so if the operator(s) before  throw(s), your action will be called. However, if you place the  further up, it may or may not be called depending on what downstream operators are in the chain. Given  For example, the following code will always call doOnError:  However, this code won't:  Most operators will bounce back exceptions that originate downstream. Adding multipe  is viable if you transform an exception via  or :  otherwise, you'd log the same exception at multiple locations of the chain.",1.0,15,7048,25,3,1,1
318,Get Toolbar's navigation icon view reference,"I would like to highlight drawer icon in my  (working on a tutorial). For that, I need its position. How do I get a reference to drawer's navigation icon (hamburger) view?",You can make use of content description of the view and then use  method to get view reference  More Kotlin extension property: ,2.0,16,8605,25,3,1,1
319,Convert between LocalDate and XMLGregorianCalendar,What's the best way to convert between  from Java 8 and ?,Converting from  to :  Converting back is simpler: ,8.0,52,61282,91,3,1,1
320,Dynamically show dropdown select list to improve performance,"I have a page where users edit a grid of data that contains up to 400 form fields. Think inline editing of a table. The problem is where most of the form fields are  dropdowns, some of which can contain up to 1,000 options. This is causing browsers to use a lot of memory, and to run far too slowly. Is there some way to improve performance here, perhaps by dynamically filling the dropdown every time it's clicked, and clearing all but the selected option when leaving the dropdown?","I personally wouldn't advise clearing all other options from a select dropdown when a user selects one, in case they select the wrong one. If you still would like to do this, use something similar to the following, to achieve it: HTML Example  JavaScript Example  And here's a working JSFiddle: http://jsfiddle.net/93o0qphv/1/ EDIT:  To dynamically populate select elements, you can create new option element, set it's 'text' and 'value' properties, and add it to the desired select. HTML  JAVASCRIPT  Here's an example: http://jsfiddle.net/ShadeSpeed/gxxugp6v/ I hope this helps! Dan.",,1,1503,2,4,1,1
321,Python use dictionary keys as function names,"I would like to be able to use dictionary keys as function names, but I'm not sure if it's possible. As a quick example, instead of , I'd like to have an option for . Here's a not working code example to give an idea of what I was thinking of.  Obviously each key would need to be checked that it's not overriding anything important, but other than that, I'd appreciate a bit of help if it's possible to get working. Basically, my script is to store other scripts in the headers of the Maya scene file, so you may call a command and it'll execute the matching script. It stores the scripts in text format in a dictionary, where I've done a wrapper like thing so you can input args and kwargs without much trouble, and because you can only enter and execute the scripts personally, there's virtually no danger of anything being malicious unless you do it to yourself. The list is pickled and base64 encoded as it all needs to be in string format for the header, so each time the function is called it decodes the dictionary so you can edit or read it, so ideally I'd need the functions built each time it is called. A couple of examples from the run function:  So as this question is asking, in terms of the above code, I'd like to have something like , just to make it easier to use.","The only ""correct"" way I can think of to do this looks like this:  This should allow you do to:  Of course the question of why you'd want to do something like this remains, as yet, unanswered :) EDIT per updated question: The problem lies in the fact that you cannot safely assign the method to the function signature. I'm not sure how  works currently, but that's essentially going to have to tie into this somehow or another.",,0,956,2,4,1,1
322,android notification show Image from string without unicode,"i want to show different image or smiley in notification from string  for example ""Hi i am your friend  Sam"" i have tried using image setter  and also string builder but it show obj obj instead of image below  full code ",I don't think It's not possible to show image as HTML content inside notification. You can show image and text in notification as below.  your  Should be like as below if you want to show any Image/Icon to your Notification ,,4,254,4,4,1,1
323,Python 2.x - Why are strings contained a list not encoded in output?,When I run this python script:  I get this output:  Why do they look different?,"Theory  calls , which returns an encoded string. However,  calls  which in turn calls  on the members of the list. Unlike ,  which does not return an encoded string. Practice You can confirm this with the following test code:  Which will output: ",,0,33,4,4,1,1
324,How do I send a GET request while typing in AngularJS?,"I'm new to AngularJS. I want to set it up so that as I type, I send a GET request, but only if what I've typed in the  field is at least three characters long. Here's :  My Javascript:  But this doesn't seem to work. How do I fix this?",You must use  event for that.  In your controller:  Also inject  in your controller.,1.0,3,1837,6,4,1,1
325,"What's a Chocolatey ""Install"" package?","On reviewing the chocolatey packages available, I came across a few that have two (or sometimes more) packages apparently for the same product. At first glance is not possible to tell the difference. For example, there is the AutohotKey package, and then there is also an Autohotkey.install package. What is the difference between both types of packages?","Have a look at the FAQ in the Chocolatey wiki here: https://github.com/chocolatey/choco/wiki/ChocolateyFAQs#what-is-the-difference-between-packages-no-suffix-as-compared-to-install-portable Quoting from that article:  tl;dr: Nearly 100% of the time, the package with no suffix (autohotkey in this example) is going to ensure the *.install. The package without the suffix is for both discoverability and for other packages to take a dependency on. Chocolatey has the concept of virtual packages (coming) and meta packages. Virtual packages are packages that represent other packages when used as a dependency. Metapackages are packages that only exist to provide a grouping of dependencies. A package with no suffix that is surrounded by packages with suffixes is to provide a virtual package. So in the case of git, git.install, and git.commandline (deprecated for .portable) – git is that virtual package (currently it is really just a metapackage until the virtual packages feature is complete). That means that other packages could depend on it and you could have either git.install or git.portable installed and you would meet the dependency of having git installed. That keeps Chocolatey from trying to install something that already meets the dependency requirement for a package. Talking specifically about the *.install package suffix – those are for the packages that have a native installer that they have bundled or they download and run. NOTE: the suffix *.app has been used previously to mean the same as *.install. But the *.app suffix is now deprecated and should not be used for new packages. The *.portable packages are the packages that will usually result in an executable on your path somewhere but do not get installed onto the system (Add/Remove Programs). Previously the suffixes *.tool and *.commandline have been used to refer to the same type of packages. NOTE: now *.tool and *.commandline are deprecated and should not be used for new packages. Want more information? See http://ferventcoder.com/archive/2012/02/25/chocolatey---guidance-on-packaging-apps-with-both-an-install.aspx ",7.0,36,6558,25,4,0,0
326,PHP String for HTML style,I want to show a png file in background of a div. I have this CSS style for put it in the correct place. I'v tested directly in my HTML and the style works properly. I't doesn't work wen I use php variable.  ,"If you copy pasted   from a css file, then you should fix the path accordingly to the position of the script. In example:  I hope it helps.",,0,87,1,1,1,1
327,Is there a 'sub-header' php?,"I have a loop in my Wordpress site that brings in the site/post title, category, and content ...  I want to add a sub-title/paragraph underneath the title that's unique to each post (so I can't just put it in an h tag in the post html)  Is there something I can add to the content of the post or something that can be pulled out/called for from it by the php in my html that I can style?","If I'm understanding what you're asking, you'd want to look at Custom Fields. You can build these either programatically, or you can use a plugin. I'd recommend using Advanced Custom Fields. For what you're asking about, I would add a simple text field to your posts via the plugin. For this example, let's say you called that field 'sub_title'. Let's assume that the field is set to NOT be required. In your page code, you would do this:  This will check to see if the custom field has any content inside it, and if so, create a p tag, place the content of the field, then close with the p tag. Advanced Custom Fields has a large array of fields you could add to your posts/pages, and a nice filtering system to only display the fields on the posts/pages you want them on. For example, you could show the sub_title field only on posts that are in Category 01 if you'd like.",,-1,134,1,1,1,1
328,"Chinese characters displayed as ""?"" in webView android","I am using Coolreader as an epubviewer, and it is working fine till Android Kitkat, but when i installed the same in Lollipop, chinese characters are showing as . I went through the source code of the coolreader application and got this page http://code.openhub.net/file?fid=PF-WK55Lf-fKyZHTWpimrfAIH3A&cid=O-7qUkxrhmk&s=&fp=309197&projSelected=true#L0 in line  as default fallback font. I inspected /system/fonts in my emulator working in 5.1 and found out even if there is  and other fonts are there only these fonts are coming in the applications font selector   And i checked the same in 4.4.4 emulator  Now see my observations, in 4.4.4, I tried all the fonts and in all the fonts the chinese characters are loading correctly In 5.1.0 I tried all the available fonts but chinese characters are not loading in any of it, always  Then i took a copy of Droid Sans Fallback from 4.4.4 and pasted it in system/fonts in 5.1 then the droid sans fallback font appeard in font list of Coolreader, before , even though it exixted in system/fonts of 5.1, it was not appearing in the fonts list of coolreader. Then i selected it and i could see chinese characters.  My question is in 4.4.4 all the fonts are loading chinese, but in 5.1.0, even though there are more fonts in the list none are loading chinese, So it must be something else which is causing the problem.  I tired another reader called fb reader and it is showing chinese the funny part is that it has got ont 3 fonts in its fontslist, . I almost created an app using cool reader and the same thing is haunting me please help Is Lollipop no compatible with chinese in epub reader","just try adding custom fonts to  folder in the sdcard of the mobile. Because, coolreader library will detect fonts from  folder in the sdcard also, I read about it in a page. Also in your custom app just add the same font from  (Droid Sans Fallback) in the assets folder of your source code, and use codes to copy paste the font(in the assets folder) to the the above mentioned  folder in sdcard. you can find code in stackoverflow itself to copy and paste files from assets folder to sdcard",1.0,0,979,1,1,1,1
329,How to use thumbprint for security?,I am using RSACryptoServiceProvider for security.  I built the code using a self signed certificate for testing purposes.  not user has provided us with the actual thumbprint.  I was expecting to get a certificate instead ? how do i use the Thumbprint ? here is the code:  the thumbprint provided is something like : 87aa7f6********************9b2d95093a6,"A thumbprint is just an identifier of a certificate, usually an MD5 or SHA1 hash of the certificate. You cannot really do anything with the thumbprint itself, think of it as an ID of a record in a database. You will need to sure, but what I suspect the intention is they are giving your the thumbprint of a certificate that is in the certificate store. This StackOverflow question provides information on how to load a certificate from the certificate store by thumbprint.",,0,875,1,1,1,0
330,Looping SqlDataReader Seems to fail with only one row as a result,"I have this code  As the title says, I get results fine as long as there are multiple rows returned, but it times out if the result is a single row. I'm sure I'm missing something silly, or doing it wrong. I'm a PHP developer being forced to write some .net so be gentle :)",Try This :  This is a slightly different approach to retrieve data from  and it works fine even if there's only one record in it.,,0,43,1,1,1,1
331,How to add value through the update?,"How to add value through the update? This code copies the value in the registration id to the url. For example, if  then . How to order update  then ,  then . Thanks in advance! I need this kind of     ",Try this:  Or did not I get the question?,1.0,0,42,1,1,1,1
332,Creating a Qt widget belonging to another widget made with Qt Designer,"I have created a label in my mainwindow.cpp  What do I put in place of ""this"" in order to have it show up in a layout that I created with the Qt designer? I know this is a silly question but a simple answer would open a lot of doors for me as far as understanding how this works.",For example you can try the following. First you shall add a  where you want your  to be displayed in the widget what you created in the Designer. And after that try the following lines:  In your case:  It is useful for more complex custom widgets.,,0,104,1,1,1,1
333,Array of structs - How to create them correctly,"I'm learning about structs and memory allocation.  One of the things i found out by studying was that there is not a way to see if a block of memory was allocated correctly. I think it's working properly, but i was getting ready to read about linked lists and got all confused again.  I ask this, because on linked lists, i have seen:  and by defining the type of class like this on my code:  it worked! I thought it would be ok, to give the definition like this. To me makes sense, the class is now a pointer to a type (type ie. CLASS);  So, am i on the right track or this working was pure luck? The code structure sucks, but i'm still learning :) ","It is really hard to tell exactly what you are trying to accomplish. I looks like you are trying to create a singly-linked-list out of  with a  of  to . That's about where the useful information ends. Attempting to declare  makes no sense. The compiler doesn't know what  is. Guessing what you were attempting, the following is what flows from your code. note: I added one function  to empty  so you wouldn't have pesky  characters left in the buffer. I also changed the  format string to prevent leaving newlines following your reading of character strings. Take a look below, and I'll look at your latest additions. Also note in your code, you cannot  then expect to take  -- that is undefined behavior.  Output ",,1,58,2,1,1,1
334,.htaccess rewrite rule - matching and forwarding image requests with certain character in the name,"I currently have the following .htaccess file in my ../test/media folder to redirect all jpgs to another server  This works great thanks to help on this site. BUT, i have a caveat. if the image being requested has a filename like *_p.jpg then I would like it directed to another location on the target server but without the '_p' part. eg  http://blah/media/catalog/product/3/8/3848038_5856.jpg gets redirected to http://www.example1.com/img/gallery/3848038_5856.jpg currently and that works.  However if i request http://blah/media/catalog/product/3/8/3848038-3565_p.jpg then I want it to redirect to http://www.example1.com/img/norm/high/848038-3565.jpg rather than http://www.example1.com/img/gallery/848038-3565.jpg Is this even possible?? Thanks in advance",This should work for you ,,1,20,2,1,1,1
335,Getting model name of an object in django template,I need to get the model name of an object in a javascript function inside the template file. I have tried two methods. 1) Writing a custom templatetag  Second is writing a method in the model itself  JS  I get the correct name as output but its not in string format. So I get an  error saying that Model1 is undefined. Its being treated like a variable. Any way to get this in string format. I need the name of the model in  string format in my var objectType,It is a python string...you're just not passing it to JS as a string. You need to quote the value that is returned: ,,0,640,3,1,1,1
336,Execute command defined by backreference in sed,"I am creating a primitive experimental templating engine completely based on sed (merely for my private enjoyment). One thing I have been trying to achieve for several hours now is to replace certain text patterns with the output of a command they contain. To clearify, if an input line looks like this   I would look the sed output to look like this:  The closest I have come is this:  which does not work. However,  gives me   I don't quite understand what is happening here. Why can I give the backreference to the echo command, but cannot evaluate the entire backreference in $()? When is \\1 getting evaluated? Is the thing I am trying to achieve even possible with pure sed? Keep in mind that it is entirely clear to me that what I am trying to achieve is easily possible with other tools. However, I am highly interested in whether this is possible with pure sed. Thanks!","The reason your attempt doesn't work is that  is expanded by the shell before  is even called. For this reason it can't use the backreferences  is eventually going to capture. It is possible to do this sort of thing with GNU sed (not with POSIX sed). The main trick is that GNU sed has a  flag to the  command that makes it replace the pattern space (the whole space) with the result of the pattern space executed as a shell command. What this means is that   prints . This can be used for your use case as follows:  The  code works as follows:  This makes use of 's greedy matching in the regexes to always capture the last  expression in a line. Note that it will have difficulties if there are several commands in a line and one of the later ones has multi-line output. Handling this case will require the definition of a marker that the commands embedded in the data are not allowed to have as part of their output and that the templates are not allowed to contain. I would suggest something like , which would lead to  The reasoning behind this is that the template engine would run into trouble anyway if the embedded commands printed further  terms. This convention is impossible to enforce, but then any code you pass into this template engine had better come from a trusted source, anyway. Mind you, I am not sure that this whole thing is a sane idea1. You're not planning to use it in any sort of production code, are you? 1I am, however, quite sure whether it is a sane idea.",,0,268,3,1,1,1
337,JNI wrapper for C function using SWIG - what should be the typemap?,"I am trying to create the JNI wrapper for the following functions in C:   - input,  - output   - input,  - output where  is defined as:   I am all lost in the SWIG manual for Java, since it doesn't simply support input parameters as the output type. I had no problems whatsoever with the Python wrapper (shown below). What is the correct way of using typemap in the case of Java? ","You can do this using SWIG and Java in several different ways. I've created the following header to illustrate all my examples, based on what you showed in the question:  Writing some Java in the interface: We can use the cpointer.i from the SWIG library to give us the functions we need to write a Java overload that calls the default version of  (which we make private since it becomes an implementation detail).  Note that this example probably leaks as is since  is non-owning by default. Writing some C in the interface: In this next example we write an ""overload"" (but since I assumed you're writing C and not C++ we had to use  to make this work) in C alone, specifically for the SWIG interface. The original version of the function gets ignored completely since it's pretty useless to us.  Using typemaps We can actually do something very similar to your Python example using Java typemaps, although the process is more convoluted since Java has strong typing and we need to respect that. This solution is also substantially similar to my older answer on the same underlying issue, with the additional complexity that getting strong typing working in Java (instead of just ) is trickier here when the underlying typedef is to  instead of a forward declaration of a struct.  I would encourage you to look at the generated code around the call to  to fully understand what these typemaps are doing. As far as the call to  is concerned the  gets handled automatically from the interface above and the  arg out needs to get handled either similary to the above example, or using a trick with an array containing only one element:  Which you would then call as:  Of course you could then take that trick and use something like the  of my first example in this answer to supply another overload that behaves more naturally:  (Note that this trick with arrays would also have worked for a fourth solution to the  problem, but because it's not a primitive type there's a lot more work involved for no real gain)",4.0,11,1411,4,1,1,1
338,gdb alias for quick saving/loading of breakpoints,"So I'm pretty new to gdb, and have just learned that you can save breakpoints with:  and load them with  which is great, but because it's something I more or less plan on doing every time I enter/exit gdb, I'd like to get it down to a quick alias. So, in my ~/.gdbinit I have the lines  Unfortunately, every time I open gdb I get the error:  I know(/ strongly think) I have the syntax correct, as I've tested  and that alias works. So I think it's an issue with having a non-gdb command word (the filename) as part of an alias.  So, my questions are this:  Am I being totally stupid and there's already a great way to auto-save and maintain my list of breakpoints? Can GDB have filenames in aliases? Or am I looking for something other than an 'alias'? If they CAN have filenames in them, what am I doing wrong?  Oh and as a note the '.gdb_bps' is an arbitrary file name I just kinda came up with as it'd be a nice unobtrusive thing to easily .gitignore and stuff. Thanks!"," Can GDB have filenames in aliases?  Looks like no. It looks like aliases can't have any arguments to commands, not only filenames. This alias fails also:   Or am I looking for something other than an 'alias'?  Yes, you can use user-defined command instead: ",,3,1391,6,1,1,1
339,Associations are not loaded when selecting fields,"I am having some trouble trying to fetch associated models when selecting fields. My version of CakePHP is 3.0beta2. Three MYSQL tables that are relevant to this question:  -  -  My associations are defined as shown below:  What I'm trying to achieve is:  Load all the user information for the currently logged in user Load all the favorites that this user has Create a new field that transforms the  field (a timestamp) into a date For each favorite, load the associated preset data  This is the code that I use to do that:  The problem is: when I use the  method as in the code above, the  association is not loaded, so  is always . But if I comment out the select method (thus selecting all fields and not retrieving , the association is loaded and I can access the information from the presets table. Could this be a bug or am I doing something wrong? Thanks for the help!","I think you need to call  after . This is required if you expect all other fields to be selected. This could probably be seen as a bug, try opening a ticket in github.",,0,70,1,2,1,1
340,AngularJS limitTo withvalue from model (JSON),"my model loads his data from a json file.  A second json is loaded:  The first is for some settings, e.g. how to order the informations from second json and how many results show be displayed at once. My template is this:  First i want to order in given direction - this works fine by my variable name. (feed is my alias in this model) Now i want to use - insted of this hardcoded form of limit - the variable from my controller -> feed.soonepisodes.limit I tried the expression with single quotes, without, with quotes in jason and without in json to limit the view to the given value in my json, but i never see anything (like limitTo:0) What im doing wrong?",Don't wrap your  parameters in quotes. Replace:  With: ,,0,82,1,2,1,1
341,Choosing randomly between two objects based on the results of choosing randomly between to two objects,"Ok so this is the code I have so far:  Ok so what this will do is choose 1 or 2 randomly and then 3 or 4 randomly. So say it chooses 1 and 3. I then want it to randomly choose between 1 and 3. And if it does choose 1 and 3 I want it to choose 1 20% of the time, but if it chooses 2 and 3 I want it to choose 2 70% of the time. So for each matchup it would be:  1 and 3: Choose 1 20% of the time 1 and 4: Choose 1 60% of the time 2 and 3: Choose 2 70% of the time 2 and 4: Choose 2 30% of the time  And then whatever number it chooses I want that to be LabelC. So I'm basically trying to figure out how to code this. I hope this makes sense and you know what I'm trying to do, but any advice would be helpful. Thanks.","If you have variables x (being 1 or 2) and y (being 3 or 4), you can get the odds you want like so, ",,0,57,1,2,1,1
342,HttpClient executeMethod throws java.net.SocketException: Connection reset,"I have a java program which creates multiple threads where each thread makes POST request. It works fine most of the time but under heavy load it throws Connection reset exception. For example, when I made 40 simultaneous requests, couple of time I got Connection reset exception.  In my Java code, I am creating an instance of HttpClient  The problem does not happen when I make one request wait for it to finish and then make another request. However, the moment I turn the program into multi-threading I get this issue.  Could anyone please point out how could I prevent this exception and then retry again. From google, I found out the answer may be along the lines of using               I am trying to use this in the mean time but any other suggestions are welcome.",I recommend either using a  if you're using HttpClient 3 or  if you're using HttpClient 4. I'm fairly confident that the default connection manager for both HttpClient 3 and HttpClient 4 are expecting only single thread access.,,2,4036,2,2,1,1
343,Android API 21 changes my custom button background,"I am testing out my app for API21 on Android! Unfortunately, my buttons seem weird - there is some kind of background color added. The background images did not change - they are completely transparent except for the border. (The different text and size is due to the screenshot). Here you see the buttons before and since API 21: http://imgur.com/9EEcl0o,yVEnJkI#0 I already tried android:elevation=""0dp"" and android:background=""@android:color/transparent"". Anybody knows why my buttons change? Thank you very much! layout.xml:  menu_btn_selector.xml:  style.xml: ","Material buttons have a default stateListAnimator that provides state-based elevation (e.g. 0dp when disabled, 1dp when enabled). You can clear it by setting android:stateListAnimator=""@null"" in your style or directly on the Button. Here is what that would look like on your button XML:  Also, you're using the wrong parent for your button style. You should never set a theme as the parent for a widget style. Regardless, here is what that should look like if you prefer that route: ",1.0,2,3347,7,2,1,1
344,how do i return an NSString or NSUrl from my didFinishPickingMediaWithInfo?,"Good day, I am trying to implement the UIImagePickerController inside my selectFile function. (followed this tutorial in appcoda) but code below is a bit tweaked now based on what i want  Based on what i understood, my imagePickerController function is called when user selects an image. My question is how do i return(or get) the url instead? I have a C function on the same file (but outside @implemetation), this function calls my selectFile and is supposed to return the url/path of what the user has chosen.  I hope i was able to explain everything properly. Any advice would greatly be appreciated. thanks.","I don't think it is possible with the current design. callFileBrowser() is called to pick a image, then immediately it is required to return a value. We don't know when user will be done picking, I suggest you to post a notification in didFinishPickingMediaWithInfo when the url is ready to notify other object who needs it. ",,0,159,0,3,1,0
345,Filling in missing values in one dataset based on another in presence of repeated observations in R,"Using R, I would like to use information from dataframe 2 to fill in missing values in dataframe 1. Here are the headers from my files. File 1 is a dataframe with data and location (long/lat) of an event. Some of the spatial information is missing.   However, based on the postcode (PLZ) , I can find these in the Swiss official register (cadastre). The NAs in the first file should be replaced by the E/N corresponding to the PLZ (postcode).   Now as I have several hundreds of thousands of events, the postcode will be repeated but I would like to replace all NAs for postcode ""3000""(for example) with the same longitude (E) and latitude (N)(repeat for all NAs). There must be an easier way than doing this manually?","the following is not the best way to do this task, but if the order doesnot matter than you could do something like this. a<-subset(file1,PLZ==3000) # extract all the rows where PLZ is 3000 b<-subset(file1,PLZ!=3000) # remaining part of dataframe a$longitude<-rep(lonvalue,nrow(a)) a$latitude<-rep(latvalue,nrow(a)) file1<-rbind(b,a) in the above code, either hardcode or pass by variable the value of latitude or longitude you want to add EDIT: You can write a loop. Iterate over all rows of file1 something like:   the above will work if in file2 for each PLZ there is a single row",0.0,0,58,0,3,1,1
346,R: How to add a specific date to a time column,"I have time series data with a known start date, but my datafile just contains a time column. I would like to add a date column (julian date) with the starting date, which should refer to my time column and automatically change the date to the next day after midnight.  These are the first 20 rows of my dataset, I usually have 8 measurements per second, but for the first one, it could be less (like here, it's just 7, so no regular intervalls). I would now like to add a column with 08.04.2010 as starting date.  Many thanks for help!! Pat",,,-1,256,0,3,1,1
347,"""getContentResolver().delete()"" deleting every row instead of only one","I am trying to make my own ContentProvider and i am currently testing it in the same application. The insert method is working fine. But when i am trying to delete a row. It ends up deleting every row instead of just the one i selected. I am sending with both the clause to select on and the argument it is supposed to delete, so i don't understand why it deletes every row instead of just one.  In the KontaktCP it seems like the delete method doesn't think i am sending with an argument. Since it matches with MKONTAKT instead of KONTAKT and therefore deletes every row. I have currently hardcoded the argument, since i am only testing. But i have checked that the _ID with value 1 exist in the database when i am running the program. and that the other _IDs is not 1.  Relevant code in MainActivity:  Relevant code in KontaktCP  Relevant code in AndroidManifest.xml  and:  ", so i don't understand why it deletes every row instead of just one  That's happening because of the  that you use with the  method. Right now you pass a  that corresponds to  in the  method so you'll delete everything. Instead the  needs an id appended to it to match (as you declared it in the ): ,,1,4551,1,3,1,1
348,"Python, VIM: namespace, scope, life of a python object stuck in a << HERE","If i have two functions:  The src says:  So, is the python interpreter embedded in vim AND additionally, are separate extensions to python provided (wrapper functions for the VIM API) How many times is mylib compiled to bytecode and loaded? Does each vimscript function get its own mylib - can I instantiate something and expect it to be visible in the other function? I have a bunch of leader functions that share similar code and act on the same buffer so I wanted to know if I could reuse that data-structure. How many times is the interpreter loaded into memory: once obviously at vim runtime."," Python interpreter is indeed loaded once. Python interpreter caches imported modules in , so mylib is loaded once per Vim instance. Python interpreter caches compiled bytecode in the  files on the filesystem, so mylib is compiled once per its update (assuming Python was able to detect this update; usually it has no problems with this).   In any case, do never use , all plugins should always use namespaced functions: e.g. Bad:  Good:  Reasoning:  In the above example all of , , , ,  appear in the  module global namespace. If you install some plugin which does not follow good practices (there are lots of them) and it appears to define different  or  your plugin will not work. Or that plugin will not work if it happened to be loaded before yours.  is recompiled each time it is called. ",1.0,0,138,1,3,1,1
349,Jquery onfocus not working,"I have a text area and I'm trying to run a function based on when the spacebar is hit. However, the code is not working and I can't seem to figure out why. It looks right from what research I've done. Here's the text area definition:  Here is the Jquery code that I have on my page so far trying to run the  ","It is because you're using alert. Stop using alert for troubleshooting this works -   It would likely be better to use  in this circumstance too, to avoid issues on when the key is pressed. example",,1,411,2,3,1,1
350,Elasticsearch (n) documents per property value,"I have an Elasticsearch instance with about 3.5Million records and I want a fast way to return (n) records per property value in any given search. Example         Assuming a match_all search I only want to return 1 document for each value of the  property: For instance, return only doc 1 and doc 3 This would obviously be spread across a much larger result set, but the result should still scale to (n) docs per unique property value. Any help with this is much appreciated. E","Use an aggregation for ""gender"" field together with a ""top_hits"" aggregation to return  hits per each ""gender"" value: ",,0,79,2,3,1,1
351,Remove duplicate comparing two large lists efficiently in C#?,"I Have two big lists, list1 with 4 columns and list2 with with 3 columns. If list1 contains the same value in column 1 and column 3 as the list2, then I need to remove that item in list1.  I am actually looking for some advantage and efficiently solution.  Thank you for any help. ","Well ideally from a performance perspective you'd be able to leverage , but you're using two types that are different (and  at that).  is a possible solution: ",,1,1360,2,3,1,1
352,ZF2 - Get current URL in Controller,"This seems like it should be a simple task. I need the current URL from a function within the Controller. This function can be called from multiple actions, and the end goal is to set a form's action attribute. (Side note: It appears IE does not send an ajax request if the URL starts with '#').  I feel like my google-fu is off today because I could not find a good way to do this Zend Framework 2. I have this line currently, but it feels very bulky: ","Couldn't you just get the URI from the request object: $this->getRequest()->getUriString() Provided your controller extends . Note: This would output the entire URL, like so: ",1.0,4,7780,6,0,1,1
353,How to show an optional header in markdown for apiary?,"How to indicate that one particular header of a request is optional with the markdown of apiary? My code:  Request The apiKey can be passed in the header (note the camelcase for ""apiKey"") The Content-Encoding: gzip is optional, only if you gzip the entity  Headers    Is the above ok?","As of January 2016, it's not possible. On the other hand—if you go to the API Blueprint Roadmap, there's MSON Parameters and Headers feature which is currently in the RFC stage; this will enable you to describe HTTP Headers in the MSON syntax and mark each HTTP Header as required/optional (see below).  Hoping MSON Headers will land soon.",,3,553,7,0,1,1
354,Two types of message in a message queue,"I was writing a program that starts two processes. The first process, the ""client"" sends two type of messages. The first type increases a shared resource (int). The second type sets the resource to 0. After 10 messages, the client has to send a message with a special type that forces the threads listening on the two queues to stop. So the client sends two messages (one for each queue) with a special value in the type field in order to terminate the threads. The second process is the ""server"". The server has three threads: the first one is listening on the ""increase"" queue. It has to handle the increase request until the termination message. So i wrote:  The second one has to handle the ""set to 0"" requests until the termination message.  The third thread increases the value of the resource using the mutex to enter in mutual exclusion.  The problem is that thread1 and thread2 of the server process doesn't terminate where they should. In fact, they stuck on the first msgrcv() after all the increase/set0 messages. So the problem is that the two threads can't manage to listen the termination message. I tried to set IPC_NOWAIT also for the first msgrcv but didn't work","You're relying on a race condition, one that you will almost never win. Let's take a look at the first block:  That second 'msgrcv' call in the loop is your attempt to look for a terminator message type, before you loop back to the top and block, waiting for another  message. Consider the following chain of events:  You can't try to query the message queue in this pattern. If events 8 and 9 had been reversed, your logic would have happened to work - but that's a race condition, and one that you're likely to lose frequently. Instead, why not use  to receive any type of message, and then after reading the message from the queue, figure out what type of message you got and handle it from there. If you pass  for the 'msgtyp' parameter to , it'll give you all messages and then you can handle it how you please. ",1.0,9,1869,8,0,1,1
355,error message with AsyncValidator is not visible,"The required directive shows the red error message that works! The uniqueschoolclassnumberValidator directive shows NOT the red error message! From the server I always return exists => true, but I also tried it with false. What do I wrong? The custom directive is triggered for sure! Directive  Service  Html ","In your service's exists method there should be return keyword before $q.reject:  Directive should be named  instead of  (AngularJS change dash-delimited format to camelCase). There is also a misspell in html code, in word ""class"". It should be  instead of .",,0,97,0,1,1,1
356,Authenticate users based on url with regular expressions,"I am building a PHP User login and Administration system. Every user has a role which is specified by the Administrator.  Let's say Role A has value . This means that a user with Role A should access every webpage that sits in the directory .  Eg the users should access ,  but not . I think that a good solution is to achieve that with regular expressions. EG. I have the rule which is  . I replace the  sign with a regular expression, remove the  at the start of the rule, then I get the URL of the page that the user visited and i perform a preg_match(rule,url), if returns yes the user is authenticated, if not i redirect him. Questions: 1. With what regular expression the  sign should be replaced? I was thinking of . 2. Is it safe to use  to get the current URL that the user visited. Is it safe to use it for this purpose? 3. Is there any other way of achieving that?","You might look at this from a different angle. Usually, every page will have a method for checking the user's credentials - what you do is confirm that the rights he has allow him access to that page. So, for example, every page in the users/ directory will call a function that checks the user's cookie and confirms he is in the user group. You don't need to check  because the page knows where it is (if not, use  etc.) If you need it to be more complicated, you can set up user capabilities and check these for all page additions e.g.  ",,0,45,0,1,1,1
357,How to select a radio button where its tag is hidden,"I'm learning python and trying to do a basic click on a radio button. At the moment the 'return' radio button is selected and instead I want the 'one-way' radio button to be selected. However, when I run my code, it states it cannot find the 'one-way' radio button. I want to ask what do I need to do to be able to find a radio but that's hidden under various other tags? Below is the basic code:  Updated code (still not working): ","Interacting with invisible / hidden elements is not supported by Selenium per default. You may fetch all texts/values of the options, but cannot interact with them. There is a good reason why this element or option is hidden: the user may not choose it. For example an option shall only be available for premium users. In this case a good web-server, which does validation checks, will raise an error. Another remark: In general you can use the idea of a Select-Element like explained on the official Selenium documentation (for visible elements):  http://www.seleniumhq.org/docs/03_webdriver.jsp",,1,75,0,1,1,1
358,Maximum array sum,"I am given an array of integers. I need to find max sum of its elements so that any two elements are not neighbors. Example : sum(2, 5, 2) = 5 because we choose just 5; sum(3, 10, 2, 4, 10) = 20 because we choose 10 and 10; sum(10, 12, 5, 2) = 15 because we choose 10 and 5. How can it be done using any programming language?  I have been working on this problem for several hours and the only thing I understand that it should use DP.","So I've implemented a solution in Java without using DP; I've simply used recursion. I'll try to explain it a bit.  First of all, we have to find a base case:   if the array length is == 1, then sum(array) = array[0] besides, if the array length is == 2, then sum(array) = max(array[0],array[1])  Now, let's get to the general case of array.length = n. We have to decide whether or not array[n-1] is part of the solution; that is, if sum, launched on the first n-1 elements, is smaller than sum launched on the first n-2 elements + nth element of the array.  In a nutshell, we are saying ""Is it better to consider the nth element or its neighbour (nth-1)?"" Indeed, we cannot consider both, therefore we have to choose one. ",1.0,1,199,1,1,0,1
359,Android Studio - transformClassesWithMultidexlistForDebug error,"After updating from  to  I got this error:  I have , which worked so far (up to ); if I remove it I get another error:  Any clue? Note: after updating to  I also updated  in  and did a project clean + rebuild.","I'll add the answer, since it seems to work for some people. I discovered that my Android Studio 2.0 Preview was outdated (I was in stable channel). I updated it to the latest version (canary channel). At the moment is the Preview 6. I also had to disable ""instant run"" due to other problem I had after updating Android Studio. Hope it helps!",1.0,4,1780,1,1,1,0
360,Unable to resolve jitpack.io dependencies,"I am trying to integrate PrismView lib in my project. I have include jitpack.io in project build.gradle, Below are the code snippet.  And include dependencies in project module as follow:  But on syncing it is giving following error:  Any lead to resolve this will be really helpful.",Use:  Should be just a simple typo. ,,1,1417,1,1,1,1
361,Can't access child elements in XML,"I was trying to parse a string in XML format into some plain python objects, and I tried to use the  and  methods to access some child elements but it doesn't work .  Here is the XML data I'am trying to parse :   I've deleted some data, in order to make this sample shorter .  And here is my code .   The first way to access child nodes ('item') is to use the list index notation, and it's working fine. But using the find all method it's not working and the  always return 0 .  I've tried to use XPath and other ways, but using the index is the only way to get it work .  Why methods like  and  don't work ?"," Why methods like find and findall don't work ?  Because there are no elements named .  Your document defines a default XML namespace of , which means that an element that looks like  in your document is actually contained in that namespace and is different from an element that looks like  in a document without a default XML namespace (or with a different XML namespace). You want something like:  Or, using XPath: ",1.0,0,47,1,1,1,1
362,Can't convert month number to name,I've the following line of SQL:   It retuns for example . I want the 3 to be replaced with March Any help would be welcome.,"Use something like this:  If your output used to be , your query would look like this to get : ",,2,123,2,1,1,1
363,How I can make `ctrl + click` to go to definition in visual studio code editor for mac OS?,How I can make  to go to definition in visual studio code editor for mac OS? Now it is F12 which is using my mac for show desktop.,"Edit your  (Hit , type  then ) and adapt your configuration : Use :  To have + as command to go to definition. Or use :  To have + as command to go to definition.",1.0,10,11599,14,1,1,1
364,Exec format Error while running dockerised Hello world python example,"I am trying to learn docker from basics. In their official docs, they have demonstrated a simple Hello world Python app. But if i try the same on a Windows host I'm getting the following exception.  My hello world code  and my docker file:  The requirement.txt file just contains the library name(flask) to be installed. and the error im getting while running the dockerised image is  I am completely new to both docker and python. So please help me out...Thanks in advance","I'd seen this pattern before, so I was pretty sure what the error message meant, but in this case I could not think why.  What seems to be going on is that Flask restarts itself, but where the original execution was started with , the restart is doing .  It is trying to treat what was originally the first input parameter to , the Python file to execute, like it is directly executable.  The error is saying that it is not.  If you put a shebang line, like  at the top of this file, and make it executable, it might start working for you.  But you shouldn't have to do that.  The setup here should work fine. So I Googled, and this seems like a known problem with the combination of werkzeug (a library used by Flask), Docker, and Windows: https://github.com/pallets/werkzeug/issues/1482 Since I'm not on Windows, I'll leave it to the OP or someone else to take it from here.",,2,123,0,2,1,1
365,react-native message queue using expo,"I'm developing a mobile app which needs to produce and consume message over a message broker using react-native. As far as I search I could find just few libraries. One of them is react-native-rabbitmq but its using native modules which is not supported by Expo. My question is what is the best way of communicating with a message broker(Kafka, RabbitMQ, MQTT etc.) using Expo.Or I am open for any other solution instead of using message broker. Thank you in advance.","you can use  Ejecting to  ExpoKit is an Objective-C and Java library that allows you to use the Expo platform and your existing Expo project as part of a larger standard native project -- one that you would normally create using Xcode, Android Studio, or  If you created an  and you want a way to add  this guide will explain how to use  for that purpose. Normally, Expo apps are written in pure JS and never ""drop down"" to the  or . This is core to the Expo philosophy and it's part of what makes Expo fast and powerful to use. However, there are some cases where advanced developers need native capabilities outside of what Expo offers out-of-the-box. The most common situation is when a project requires a specific Native Module which is not supported by  or the . In this case, Expo allows you to eject your pure-JS project from the  iOS/Android clients, providing you with native projects that can be opened and built with Xcode and Android Studio. Those projects will have dependencies on , so everything you already built will keep working as it did before. We call this ""ejecting"" because you still depend on the , but your project no longer lives inside the standard . You control the , including configuring and building them yourself. this link is about Expokit",,0,860,0,2,0,1
366,How to show marker again when I was used map.clear(),I am new in Swift and my english is not very well I used  this function to control  show up or disappear  when  the markers is disappear but when I zoom in let . the markers doesn’t show up at mapview again someone can tell me what should I do? I'll be grateful,"This line  clears all markers on the map , and this   creates a new 1 on the fly with no properties , you need to keep your markers in an array then if you want them to re-appear again after you call  do  where  ",,0,30,0,2,1,1
367,How to solve new/updated file python list problem,"I want to store the file name and modified date timestamp in a list of lists format in Python 3.6 for a particular folder. Suppose on day 1 I have two files in the folder, so I have the following list of lists:  Now, in day 2 another new file ""f3"" is created (new inner list added) and an existing file ""f2"" is updated (timestamp change):  I want to run a logic among the two lists, which will produce a simple list which will give me the names which needs a fresh pull.  And also updating the day 1 list of lists with the newly added ones (keeping those files' inner lists which are deleted during the latest comparison. Previously it was simple, my scope was only till new files, so I maintained a simple list of file names and did the below operation to get the newly added files:  Any help?","Start by building dicts out of your lists, that makes searching for the relevant filenames more efficient:  You can also build a dict of the common, unchanged files between day 1 and day 2: ",,0,35,1,2,1,1
368,How to handle webtables in angular using selenium?,"I want to automate the webtable in angular. Here's the site- http://demo.automationtesting.in/WebTable.html I want to capture all the records of all rows. Here what I tried-  But the size coming out is 1. I also tried with div[class='ui-grid-contents-wrapper'], but with no success.","You selector is pointing to the table div and to the rows. To get table rows you can use  selector, that will give you table body rows.  To get each column element by row, you can use  selector inside the loop:  You can learn about selectors here. Also you may need to wait until some conditions is met, information you can get from: When to use explicit wait vs implicit wait in Selenium Webdriver?",0.0,1,469,1,2,1,1
369,Adding a check issue,Hi I'm trying to check if only the specific user has typed  or  then apply the role.   At the moment if a mentionable role is added it will first return a message asking the user whether they want to add this role. However this line causes a conflict say when another user types yes it it applies the original user the role. This is not the result I expected. So how would I go about adding a check? Here is the code I'm working with and the line where I'm having the issue.  The full code: ,I have some code I use to produce check functions for .  Below is what I use for waiting for messages  You can then easily pass the requirements of the message you want to receive to  ,1.0,0,160,1,2,1,1
370,How to setup Dynamic Data Dropdown control in Orbeon Forms CE?,"I am a newcomer in the Orbeon forms and I am trying to use Dynamic Data Dropdown component with Orbeon Forms CE but nothing is displayed.  As an example, I am trying to fetch data from the following web service:  http://api.geonames.org/earthquakes?north=44.1&south=-9.9&east=-22.4&west=55.2&username=demo&style=full In order to use the aforementioned web service, I entered the following values in the provided fields:  Unfortunately, the dropdown component is always empty. Is something wrong with the values at these fields? Although, there is available documentation about this component, I've noticed that there is a broken link regarding the sample web service that is used in this documentation. Thank you",I had the same problem. Your XML is like:  @src is used in case you hace a XML node like  but in your case what you need is to access to text between tags. Try with:  Hope it helps. Regards,,0,76,1,2,1,1
371,How can i store my player moves data without writing tons of line of code?,"I was searching on the internet for projects do with python and came up with a Tic Tac Toe game. But now i'm kind of stuck in some part of the code because i can't store the player moves.  Well, to be honest, i maybe know how to do it, but i'll be using A LOT of if, elif and else. Is there another way i can do it without writing 100+ lines of code just to store some data using my current code? Ps: It needs to be OOP, as i am learning it right now :l ","Store the current board as dictionary within . Initialize your board with the default starting characters.  Your drawBoard would need adjusted like this...  And then I would have a separate method for a ""move""  In general, I would have separate methods for the main loop of the game vs everything else. Right now you have a lot of things going on inside the main loop when it should be just sending you to different methods of your game like , , , etc. until someone wins or ties.",0.0,0,64,1,2,1,1
372,How to unpack variables from tuple and give them names from another tuple?,"I have two tuples - one with the keys and another one with a collection of variables of different types (list, float64, int and array) generate with the help of the following formula from a dictionary:  Now I would like to retrieve the variables from the list of values and give them names from the list of keys. How can I do that?","If you want to create variables in the global scope from your dictionary, perhaps you could update it like this:  without unpacking the dict. I'm not sure if this is what you're looking for.",,0,48,0,1,1,1
373,"I want to make this using bootstrap 3, anyone help me how i start and divide it in columns?",This is the website i want to make it using bootstrap,,,-4,18,0,1,0,1
374,%%I in windows batch doesn't manage name with spaces,"In windows 10, I need to make a batch with a loop on the subfolder names in a folder, I did the following, but the problem is the %%I doesn't manage the folder name with spaces, it takes only the first part:  If the folder ""Music"" contains the folder ""My music"", then echo %%I will print only ""My"".","My best-practice concept shown in a commented  script:  Output shows that even names with -poisonous characters like percent or exclamation (etc. etc.) are processed properly:  Resources (required reading, incomplete):  (command reference) An A-Z Index of the Windows CMD command line (helpful particularities) Windows CMD Shell Command Line Syntax (,  etc. special page) Command Line arguments (Parameters) (special page) EnableDelayedExpansion (,  etc. special page) Redirection ( doubled percent sign,  caret, double quotes)  Escape Characters, Delimiters and Quotes ",1.0,1,550,0,1,1,1
375,angular validation within ng-repeat,"I have below validation for my texboxes within ng-repeat  below error is thrown on pageload ""rror: [$parse:syntax]   http://errors.angularjs.org/1.5.8/$parse/syntax?p0=%7B&p1=is%20not%20a%20validNaNdentifier&p2=18&p3=demographicsForm.%7B%7B'PhoneNumber'%2B%index%7D%7D.%24error&p4=%7B%7B'PhoneNumber'%2B%index%7D%7D.%24error""  i need to have expression with in ng-message since textname depends on $index of ng-repeat loop.. ","These lines are having errors:  Change this with :   From this article You only need to wrap in braces when using Angular's templating system - the braces tell Angular to replace the value. In this case, the value of data-ng-message is an expression that is being evaluated.",,0,694,1,1,1,1
376,Trouble reading from PLC with pymodbus,"I'm having some trouble reading registers from my WAGO 750-881 PLC using pymodbus, python 2.7, and Windows. I can read just fine with the Modbus Poll utility so I think the problem is in my python code. Using the following code I get the error:   I realize my code should read  but the  extension doesn't seem to be available to me.  throws this error:  I only included the  error because I thought it might be helpful in some way. Does anyone know what the problem may be? ","You're getting an ExceptionResponse object back, with the exception code 'IllegalValue'. The most likely cause is you're reading a register the PLC doesn't think exists. Of course there's no registers attribute on this object because it's not a ReadHoldingRegisters response.",,1,850,1,1,1,0
377,Spring security: New user workflow,"I am new to Spring security. I have created a custom form that logs a user in and then, upon successful login, the user continues to his/her intended webpage. My implementation is standard and it works. Here's my problem.   A user wants to go to page mywebpage.html.   The user is not logged in.  The user is redirected (by Spring Security) to the login page.  The user does not have an account.  The user clicks on the createAccount link and goes via standard MVC protocols to a registration page.  How do I now get the user's originally intended destination (mywebpage.html) from Spring Security, so I can redirect the user to that page once he/she has created an account? For the record, security.xml       login form       Controller Method. I need originally intended web page in this method ","You could use a SavedRequestAwareAuthenticationSuccessHandler. When a non authorized request reaches the ExceptionTranslationFilter, a RequestCache of class HttpSessionRequestCache is created and the original request is saved on it.  This way, if you do not set  to true, httpRequest would be reconstructed and used as target url while correct login is performed. So, try to @Autowire (I use @Resource instead as I have more than one AuthenticationManager and AuthenticationSuccessHandler in my security config) the AuthenticationSuccessHandler in your controller and calling  like this: I made a little modifications such as use  annotations and implement a  to validate the registration form Security.xml  Controller:  Registration model bean:  The Validator imiplementation I use to validate the fields in the model:  Finally, the registration jsp: ",,1,69,1,1,1,1
378,Twilio Trial Account does not get incoming call,"I'm developing my iOS Voip Application with Twilio. I got free trial account and am working on call from my iphone to the Voip Application(Installed to another iphone). I'm confident that the capability token I issued on my server is right though there is no way to confirm if the capability token is right or not as the issued TCDevice class in my iOS application.  The problem is, when I call from my phone to the trial phone number, the call log on console shows me warning that says ""'To' phone number not verified"". I'm sure 'To' phone number is the one I got on Twilio and have no way to verify it. Does anyone know Twilio trial number can get incoming call? Are there any ways can I confirm the capability token is right? Thank you","Twilio developer evangelist here. You do not need to set the capability token in the  in your TwiML. You need to generate a capability token on your server and setup your TCDevice object with it. The capability token should set a name for the client when you declare  on it: https://www.twilio.com/docs/api/client/capability-tokens#allow-incoming-connections  Then, when you call your Twilio number, you need to use  with a nested  with the name you set in the capability token. Like:  Then Twilio can direct the call into your client application.",,0,173,1,1,0,1
379,Trouble adding multiple images to CSS/JS modal,"I am trying to make a few images pop up individually in a modal. I can only seem to get the first image to pop up, but not the 2nd. I would prefer to make the images pop up in a modal that will let you switch between them, but I at least need them to pop up individually. Html:  Javascript:  I know there is an issue since I can't use  to pick up more than one ID and I know that two elements can't be labeled the same ID. With that being said, I have tried  which didn't work either.","When trying to select multiple elements of the same kind you should use a class selector since it has the ability to appear multiple times on a page, where an id is unique to one element. So, first we'll add  to each of the two images.  Then we'll change how we're selecting the images:  Since  returns the array-like  type, you need to iterate through each element, then add the event listener to it.   Here's a working version of this example:        ",,1,64,1,1,1,1
380,appcelerator android development tools,"When i go to window > show view > terminal and type in  appc ti setup and then select option ""2"" i can see it says, amidst a bunch of stuff  I'm only using the appcelerator studio to setup everything - why did it go and download a version that it says ""may or may not work"" and how do i tell it to go and get a version that it is confident will work?", how do i tell it to go and get a version that it is confident will work  In the tools folder of the android sdk (you will need to find this) there is an android binary (windows its android.exe). EDIT - in mine it is android.bat Run that and it should start the Android SDK Manager for you. You can then pick and choose additional tool versions and APIs to download.,,-1,45,1,1,1,0
381,How to search for a pattern which is variable length 8 alphanumeric in python 2.7 from content type HTML/Text (in Gmail),"I'm new to python. I'm trying to find a pattern from the Inbox of gmail. Able to fetch the gmail content in html format and not as plain text. Also, I'm not able to identify the pattern of the temporary password (which I need to fetch). the password is of length 8 and is randomly picked from @#$-_!0-9a-zA-Z The password is in the span tag. Here is the part of content fetched from gmail which is in the variable 'body':  The part of my python code to fetch :  where: body: is the email content I fetched from the gmail inbox in HTML form passwordd: is a variable created to extract the content from the email text lookkk: is the final out I'm looking for that is the length 8 password The passwordd is able to fetch the password including the . I want to exclude the . How can I do that? Also, is it possible to get the plain text from gmail instead of text in html form. I looked at many forums but couldn't do that.","You need a capturing group inside your regex, they are declared with parenthesis :  To make this more accurate, instead of capturing everything with  you can also make a more specific search matching exactly what the word is expected to be : , so only one expression is enough to find the word. try your example on regex101 ",,0,36,1,1,1,1
382,"Rails ""No route matches POST /images/1"" error","I looked through several other similar help questions, and I'm not seeing my error. I have destroy, new, create all working, but post and show throw errors. Also oddly enough, clicking the 'edit' button on the index view throws an error, but going directly to http://localhost:3000/images/1 gives me the 'show' page (no idea why it isn't giving an edit page). relevant files: images_controller.rb  routes.rb  Note: I have also added the lines  But to no avail. index.html.erb: ",I suppose there are no HTTP methods like this:  Try to do smth like this:  And remove this line from routes.rb  resources has already created rout to edit action for you. You can see it http://localhost:3000/rails/info/routes,,1,373,2,1,1,1
383,How to force callback plot commands to go to desired figure window?,"I have a working  function which plots data in response to GUI buttons in the figure window, including a callback which starts/stops a loop to plot movie-like frames of sequential data. The problem I would like to solve is: how can I set up two such windows, running with different datasets but based on the same code (functions, callbacks etc) without having the active plotting loop jump to whichever figure window happens to have focus?  That is, if I start one plot-movie, then click on the other window, the plotting takes place in this second window (and, only the GUI buttons in the original window can affect the plot). What I'm hoping for is the equivalent of getting the figure window's  with, e.g.,  , and then adding a Property pair to my  and  commands to ensure the data are sent to the desired window.  It isn't clear to me what (if any)  or  would do this. Is what I want to do possible, and if so do I have to retrieve the  property from the figure and use that property to assign my data plots?  I don't require both plots to be actively updating simultaneously, but I do want to avoid the cross-window plotting that I'm dealing with now. ","You want to specify the  property when using  or  explicitly to ensure that the object is created in the appropriate place. You can do this using the  parameter / value  pair syntax or as the first input.  Personally I prefer the first option due to it being more explicit. In general, you should always specify these parents to get a reliable result. While  and  can  be handy, they are also completely dependent on where the user happens to click and which figure is active, so a change in user selection during the execution of your callback can change their values and result in unexpected behavior. It seems like you're trying to run two instances of the same GUI.  If that's the case, then you should already have the handles to the  objects so you should store them somewhere where they are accessible by the callbacks  Or you can explicitly pass them to your callbacks  I personally prefer the second approach because I pass around exactly what is needed. Side Note Rather than calling  and  continuously from within your callback, you're going to get better performance creating the  or object in the intialization code of your GUI and then simply updating the  or  and  properties from within the callback. ",,1,19,2,1,1,1
384,Not animation on item removed in UICollectionView with RxDataSources,"After following the Documentation of RxDataSources I'm not able to make it work. When I click on an element of the CollectionViews It is removed as my code shows but nothing happens on the views, despite there is an element less on my . I reckon that I'm doing some wrong binding the data source with the view but I'm not able to figure it out.  The view is loaded perfectly with all initial categories, but when I remove one of them the view is not refreshed. Anyone know what is happening? Thanks in advance.","It's because your   is just that, an .   will not send another element just because you modified  in your  subscription.  You need to bind your data source to an  that actually sends new elements when things change. Something like:  However, I would recommend a more robust solution anyway.  Use this example.",,1,1368,2,1,1,1
385,How to Trim consecutive Characters VB.net,"I'm looking to trim (drop) consecutive characters, and everything in front of it in vb.net. An example of the output:  What I'd like to do - is trim '01' and any character in front of it. So my desired output would be:  I attempted to use   However, you're only allowed to use 1 character at a time this way in vb.net.  Since i may have ""0"" or ""1"", I can't break it up like this: ",,,0,43,2,1,1,1
386,Grouping of words from a text file to Arraylist on the basis of length, is this approach is right? Explanation:   load all the words to an ArrayList. then iterate through each index and check the length of word add it to an ArrayList of strings containing that length where these ArrayList are mapped in a hashmap with length of words it is containing. ,"Firstly, your code is working only for the files which contain one word by line as you're processing whole lines as words. To make your code more universal you have to process each line by splitting it to words:  Secondly, you don't need any temporary data structures. You can add your words to the map right after you read the line from file.  and  lists are actually useless here as they do not contain any logic except temporary storing. You're using  list just to store the lengths which has already been added to the  map. The same can be reached by invoking . And an additional comment on your code:  when you have a loop like this when you only need to find if some condition is true for any element you don't need to proceed looping when the condition is already found. You should use a  keyword inside your if statement to terminate the loop block, e.g.  But as I already mentioned you don't need it at all. That is just for educational purposes.",,0,110,2,1,1,1
387,How to get rid of the first concatenation symbol,"I'm looping a table database to catch the first name of some rows The code is like:  And the desired result si something like Mike & Eric & Tom but I get & Mike & Eric & Tom I think I can get rid of the first "" &"" after the string formation using String.TrimStart but there's a better way to cut the first ""& ""?","Try replacing your loop:  With this one:  The main idea here is to use the  method to concatenate the single names in one single operation. That method acts on collections, so you will first have to read the single items into a collection . This method will take care to add the separator string  between items, never before the first or after the last, so you will not end up with a leading or trailing separator (unless you have an empty item in your list). P.S.: If you happen to know beforehand how many names will be read from , you could optimise memory usage of my suggested code by passing the name count to the  constructor (as the  parameter).",,1,55,5,1,1,1
388,Dependency Injection Abstraction Library,"Is there anything like  https://github.com/aspnet/DependencyInjection for good old .NET framework applications? ""Contains common DI abstractions that ASP.NET Core and Entity Framework Core use."" I am writing a framework and I do not want to force a specific IoC container on users."," I am writing a framework and I do not want to force a specific IoC container on users.  The way to do that is to create good extension points for users to replace. Having a common DI abstraction is a bad idea, because this is an anti-pattern called Conforming Container. This anti-pattern is not something theoretical; ASP.NET Core applies this anti-pattern and the result of this is that both the Simple Injector maintainers AND the Autofac Maintainers were unable to create an adapter implementation that fully complies with the defined contract. The Simple Injector story can be read here and here and a general discussion with Microsoft about this can be found here. You can read my open letter to Microsoft in this thread here and you can see that the Autofac maintainers agree with this statement. In the end, Microsoft acknowledged the problems by promising that they will build a good integration possibilities by providing  adequate composition roots per framework to make integration as smooth as it can be.  So prevent applying the Conforming Container anti-pattern in your own framework. We already see Microsoft fixing the problems that this anti-pattern has caused in the next minor release of ASP.NET Core. Instead do provide ""good integration possibilities"" as Mark Seemann described here.",,2,780,5,1,0,0
389,Spark: PySpark + Cassandra query performance,"I have setup Spark 2.0 and Cassandra 3.0 on a local machine (8 cores, 16gb ram) for testing purposes and edited  as follows:  Next I imported 1.5 million rows in Cassandra:   is a list containing numeric values i.e.  Now in the code, to test the whole thing I just created a , connected to Cassandra and make a simple select count:  At this point, Spark outputs the  and takes about 28 seconds to finish the , distributed in 13  (in , the total Input for the Tasks is 331.6MB) Questions:  Is that the expected performance? If not, what am I missing? Theory says the number of partitions of a DataFrame determines the number of tasks Spark will distribute the job in. If I am setting the  to 4, why is creating 13 Tasks? (Also made sure the number of partitions calling  on my DataFrame)  Update A common operation I would like to test over this data:  Query a large data set, say, from 100,000 ~ N rows grouped by  Select , a  Perform an average on each member, assuming by now each list has the same length i.e   As @zero323 suggested, I deployed a external machine (2Gb RAM, 4 cores, SSD) with Cassandra just for this test, and loaded the same data set. The result of the  was an expected greater latency and overall poorer performance in comparison with my previous test (took about 70 seconds to finish the ). Edit: I misunderstood his suggestion. @zero323 meant to let Cassandra perform the count instead of using Spark SQL, as explained in here Also I wanted to point out that I am aware of the inherent anti-pattern of setting a  instead a wide row for this type of data, but my concerns at this moment are more the time spent on retrieval of a large dataset rather than the actual average computation time."," Is that the expected performance? If not, what am I missing?  It looks slowish but it is not exactly unexpected. In general  is expressed as   followed by Spark side summation. So while it is optimized it still rather inefficient because you have fetch N long integers from the external source just to sum these locally.  As explained by the docs Cassandra backed RDD (not ) provide optimized  method which performs server side counting.  Theory says the number of partitions of a DataFrame determines the number of tasks Spark will distribute the job in. If I am setting the  to  (...), why is creating (...) Tasks?  Because  is not used here. This property is used to determine number of partitions for shuffles (when data is aggregated by some set of keys) not for  creation or global aggregations like  (which always use 1 partition for final aggregation). If you interested in controlling number of initial partitions you should take a look at  which defines:  Approx amount of data to be fetched into a Spark partition. Minimum number of resulting Spark partitions is 1 + 2 * SparkContext.defaultParallelism  As you can see another factor here is  but it is not exactly a subtle configuration so depending on it in general is not an optimal choice.",,5,745,5,1,1,1
390,maven-surefire-plugin ignores plugins order in pom.xml,I have multimodule maven project. This project contains self written maven plugin and test project for this plugin. I want to run my plugin in  phase before maven-surefire-plugin I put maven-surefire-plugin after my plugin in pom.xml   But maven-surefire-plugin still runs first.  Is it expected behavior for maven-surefire-plugin? How to change order of plugins execution?,"try this one:  and the console output:  the trick here is, to first bind your plugin (in my antrun) to the test phase, and after this, unbind the ""default-test"" phase. after this you can bind the maven-surfire to the test phase again.",,3,1463,1,0,1,1
391,REST app + codeigniter + database,"I did a REST app + codeigniter + database following: https://github.com/chriskacerguis/codeigniter-restserver , works perfect, wonderful. Right now my json file getting static data, how can i get data from database? i wrote a file and  i can get from database the data, but i have no idea how to get the data from database in json, can you guys help me? thank you. That file return to me that static json, works perfect, I would like get data from database. /controllers/hello.php  These files below I can get data from database but in html, how can I get data in json format? /controllers/site.php  /models/data_model.php  views/home.php ",You are making API.To return data you don't need to call view.You can do it simply this way  Your model function is OK but you can make it simple. ,,2,1207,2,0,1,1
392,Downloading objects from S3 with presigned URL,"I'm using java [AmazonS3Client](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSJavaSDK/latest/javadoc/com/amazonaws/services/s3/AmazonS3Client.html#getObject(java.lang.String,%20java.lang.String) to get objects.  Given a presigned URL that looks like this:  https://some-bucket.s3.amazonaws.com/file.pdf?Signature=xxx&Expires=1234&AccessKeyId=xxx  Can I use AmazonS3Client to get the object? Can't seem to find any documentation for this use case.","If you already have the pre-signed URL, it's probably easiest to just make a normal HTTP request for it.",,3,2953,2,0,0,0
393,How can call method dynamically in c#,"I have a class , and in this class i have many method and i wanna call all method with out write name  This is my code and it work :  But i have one problem ,that code return just first method name What should I do to get all of them? what's wrong ?","You need to invoke each method upon an instance.  In the below example,  is called against an instance of .  That said, you're also making a redundant  call.  You can use the  directly. ",,0,119,2,0,1,1
394,How to reuse this ViewController code in an object oriented way?,"I have an app with four viewControllers, and there is a lot of code that is repeating exactly the same way in the four view controllers, and I would like to know what is the best OOP way to write this code only one time and reuse it in the others view controllers. This is the code from viewDidLoad of my first view controller:  And this is the code from  method of my , very similar to the first one. The differences in all my view controllers are the same than those ones.  ","It is a very good idea to refactor this code; it is an example of DRY. The best way in this case would be to use inheritance: write all common code in the  class, e.g. ViewController.h  ViewController.m  and have your other view controllers inherit from  (rather than ): FirstViewController.h  FirstViewController.m ",,0,39,2,0,1,1
395,WHERE If condition is not met get all values including NULL,Either get only those userIDs with the specified @Lastname or if @LastName = 'All' then get all userIDs even if they have NULL values as their LastName.  The above query only returns those userIDs where the LastName is not NULL.,Another shorter form   SqlFiddle,,2,876,2,0,1,1
396,Can I use ractive templates standalone?,"In order not to proliferate templating schemes through my app, I would like to use Ractive preparsed templates. A preparsed template object is produced using Ractive.parse(""template text""). How can this preparsed template be populated with variables at render time? I'm thinking of this kind of thing:  similar to how a template is compiled and rendered in underscorejs. Thanks in advance",You can use a parsed template in the same way you'd use a string template - it just skips the parsing step: ,1.0,1,133,2,0,1,1
397,how to export filters used on photoshop file to script so i can reproduce,"I hope this is the place for this question, as is for scripting photoshop, I have some files with filters already applied, I need to take this files and ""export"" the effects, filters, levels used to a filter so I can apply this same effects to any image. How to do this export?","I am understanding your question in two ways. I don't know which one is correct 1. Actions recording:  First check this : Photoshop Actions tutorial (Youtube). Is this what you need?  Image source is from this site for Photoshop tutorials. Here is another useful tutorial page.  The Actions panel has an option to ""record"" any now following actions you do to one photo and then later you can open any other photo and ""replay"" the saved old actions on this new image automatically. Whilst in recording mode, every option adjusted is added to the must-do list of actions. So things like Levels, Curves, Contrast, Filters etc are recorded if you use them, save the action (as .atn) Then to reuse on new image just load the action and press play it will automatically apply everything.  2. File Format Specs: You may also consider the Photoshop File Format (PSD) specifications if you understand how to read bytes from a file. The bytes contain all data about a PSD file (pixel colours, effects, layers etc).  Read it at: Photoshop File Format specifications You want to especially check these sections: Photoshop File Format and also Layer and Mask Information Section.",,1,575,2,0,0,0
398,"How to change the font, font size, and font color in JQ Grid?", I want change all of fonts of the grid to Arial. Change the header font-weight bold and make the header color blue. Size of all fonts will be 12px.  ,The exact changes could depend on version of jqGrid and the fork which you use. Ch make the changes which you asked you should use CSS like  If you use  then you should need to add  additionally. After changing the font size you could want to change some  values used in the grid. The demo uses free jqGrid 4.9 and it set  color instead of  to display the results more clear on jQuery UI Theme which I use.,1.0,0,9291,2,0,0,1
399,UPDATE new_column instead of SELECT new_column,"I currently have this code:  It returns:  Rather than displaying the new data I calculate in the  column, I want to save it () in the the empty column . Not surprisingly replacing  with  gives  for line 1. So how do I do it?",,,1,68,2,0,1,1
400,Linq to entities group join on multiple tables,"I'm trying to perform a group join on multiple tables with one to many relations, using  instead of . But something is not right. I get duplicate records for each Role a user has.  If I remove the join on Role table, and place the  statement on UserRole, the grouping works like a charm, but UserRole is just a linking table, so the Role table is the one I'm interested in. Any ideas how to group this as simple as possible? Thanks!",,,1,4300,3,0,1,1
401,Using KnockoutJS with JQuery lightbox,"I am making a KnockoutJS application where it should be possible to view products and when clicking them a detailed view of the selected product should be displayed to the user and an overlay should be put over the other products.  I have managed to get almost all of this working using JQuery and Featherlight.js. I am able to populate the detailed view with KnockoutJS observable variables but the problem I am having is that when the detailed view is displayed (using JQuery) the bindings to the KnockoutJS view model is lost. I want to be able to listen to click events using KnockoutJS (and call the function ""update()"" in the knockout controller shown in the code below) in the detailed view and update the view based on this event but as of right now this is only possible by using JQuery.  I think the problem is that when opening the detailed view using Featherlight.js a new ""context"" or instance is created that Knockout no longer have any bindings to. Anyone knows how this can be fixed?  Here is a fiddle: https://jsfiddle.net/d1txamd4/8/ Here is my code:  HTML  JavaScript ","There are two issues here. Issue one The featherlight plugin appears to create new dom elements and then insert them into the dom. This means that knockout won't have anything bound to these injected elements. Issue two The submit binding only works within form elements, please see the knockout documentation The solution The solution is two use  to bind your view model to the injected dom elements and change the submit binding to a click binding. I have updated your fiddle with a working solution.",,4,439,3,0,1,1
402,DocumentDb - query on nested document and root level,"Alert me | Edit | Delete | Change type Question You cannot vote on your own post 0 Hi! Lets assume I have docuents in following manner:  and I want to query all documents that contain a tag with name=""searched"" OR have the id=9000. I tested on playground ( https://www.documentdb.com/sql/demo )something like:  but then I get a bunch of duplicate records, each document from food is times the amount of tags in that document.  How can I get distinct results when filtering on nested collection and root properties?","The ARRAY_CONTAINS built-in function might be what you need. See https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn782250.aspx#bk_array_functions for details, i.e., something like this:  You can test this query on the Query Playground here. Note that the function does not use the index, so ideally you should use this when there's another filter in the query. Otherwise, the only way to do this is to use the query you had previously, then perform a ""distinct"" on the client side.",1.0,3,1668,4,0,1,1
403,How to generate SQL function calls with the CakePHP query builder?,"I have a fullname column for authors and would like to extract the surname into another column. I do that with the following raw SQL:  Output:  Under ""Using SQL Functions"" the Cookbook says:  In addition to the above functions, the func() method can be used to create any generic SQL function such as year, date_format, convert, etc.  But how can I create this SUBSTRING_INDEX function through the func() method so that I can use it with the CakePHP query builder?","The functions builder comes with predefined methods/functions The  class ships with a bunch of ready-made methods/functions for you to use, like , , , , , etc. You can find a complete list of the supported functions and examples on how to use them in the Cookbook and the API docs. Arbitrary functions can be built by just calling them The  class uses the magic method  handler to build arbitrary SQL function expressions, so in case there is no ready made method for your function, you can just ""call"" your SQL function:  This should be mostly rather self explanatory, the magic method name is the SQL function name, and the passed array holds the arguments that should be passed to the function, where in this case the first and last argument are defined to be treated as identifier respectively as a literal, and thus both being inserted into the query directly, ie not as bound parameter that would be escaped! The identifier one will additionally be subject to possible automatic identifier quoting, ie  would be transformed to for example , , or  depending on the database driver in use. The second argument could be made a literal too (by passing for example ), I've just not set it as one for example purposes. Not doing so will cause the value to be bound/casted as a string. The resulting compiled SQL will look something like this:  and will finally be executed as  Handling non-hard-coded data, for example user input When working with data that isn't hard-coded, ie dynamic, or otherwise subject to possible change, make sure that you define the proper types for casting/escaping in the second argument if necessary, like , , etc. In order to get this working properly, you'll have to use an identifier expression for the column name value, as otherwise the second argument would be ignored when using the  syntax:  The types will be matched via the numeric indices, and the first one is going to be ignored, since it is an expression, hence passing just . You could even use raw expressions In your case, where you are passing safe, hard-coded values that don't need to be inserted into the query as bound parameters, and  isn't a function that is covered by any of the dialects that ship with CakePHP, you could even use raw queries instead - you'll however loose the ability to transform the expression in custom dialects, and automatic identifier quoting will also not apply any more, so only do this if you know what you are doing!  See also  Cookbook > Database Access & ORM > Query Builder > Using SQL functions API > \Cake\Database\Query::newExpr() ",1.0,6,2035,5,0,1,1
404,Creating dynamic input form in Ionic v1,"I have an older project in Ionic v1 (Angular 1.x) where users can create groups and add members. I need to add a capability to the App for the group Admin to ask questions to group members - sort of a dynamic form. The questions can be of three types - a Yes/No (to be shown as a toggle), String (input Text) and a question with choices (to be shown as a select drop down). The number of questions can vary.  The questions are stored along the lines of the hash below.  I am trying to think of the best way to be able to show these questions dynamically to the user and collect the answers but not quite sure what's the best way to do this. I started looking at trying to create a Directive but wanted to get advice before spending too much time down a path. Look forward to your thoughts and suggestions. -S","I would suggest a simpler approach than using a directive, unless you have the need to reuse this as a component across multiple views. Start by having  where  is the name of your object. Then simply show/hide different forms for each question based on :  The form you show in each case would be a checkbox for , textarea or input(type=text) for  and radio buttons for . I'm not providing full code as I assume you know enough Angular to be able to create those - if not each case is an easy google away. One further thing you'll need is a place on each question for the model (i.e., the user's answer), which might be . For example:  Does this make sense?",,0,183,0,1,1,1
405,"What does ""."" (Dot) do in Visual Studio Code ""runtimeArgs"" property of launch.json","Today, I opened up my Visual Studio Code and saw that a new update has been released. Like any other normal (and ignorant) user, I just installed the update without any research about the changes. It's been months since I haven't had a problem with the updates so I assumed this one would be no different. But after the update, ""launch"" options would no longer work! I have an Electron/Angularjs app. This launch config simply runs the app. Everything was working fine before the VS Code update but after the latest update (v 1.22.1), the app fails to launch from within VS Code. I can, however, run my app through command line, so there are no changes/problems with Electron or others. The main Electron process would fail to find a module at $workspaceFolder (something about electron.asar resolvePaths?). After a couple of hours of research, I found out that adding this simple property, grants my wish:  Does anyone know what this little guy does in VS Code ? Here's the full  in case you need it: ","dot ""."" would pass your current working directory() to   ,which in this case is . So this executes   I'm guessing is redundant and can be removed, because electron accepts a directory as path , given there's a package file in it.",0.0,0,152,0,1,1,1
406,Angular FromControl disable/enable base on condition and Validators,i'm coding a simple login for now. you can find some of the code here: https://stackblitz.com/edit/angular-qf7pju  now i have few problems:  1. when i press login right away to submit i get a success even when the required fields are empty.  2. i want that Field B select input will be disabled until Field A isn't empty but i cant manage to that.  3. i use  event in the 'code' text input to manipulate the input by the user but the validation probably try to validate the input by my pattern before i finish manipulating the text.  eventually these are a lot of small things that cause me a lot of trouble and i can use some help. thx ," Login Right away on Submit?  Why don't you something like:   That is because you have assigned default values to the form controls you defined: For example when you have something like:  Here 'this.fcs' is the default value, which makes the control valid, you would rather want something like:  I was having some problem in editing in stackblitz, here are the changes you can try: I have used: FormBuilder(this is optional, you can create the form model as are already creating, just don't give default valid values)  } Now on click of Login it should print  I guess you wanted to say, Field B disabled (please correct me if that's not what you desire) until we fill Field A, in that case:     We don't use angular's , this will mix . Rather we initialize FieldB as disabled and enable it when we see a change in the value of the fieldA, (see the onblur event)  If you want to validate your third field, then why don't add the validator in the form control itself instead of using the  event?    If you are validating, then this should still work, just don't give the initial default value if the field is required,   and then make your function  something like:   ",,-1,1247,0,1,1,1
407,"Getting ""undefined"" result when using the logical operator ""&&"" in a JavaScript If..Else statement","The code is for selecting the federal poverty level (var fpl) percentage category base on the income (var income).  When I run this script, my result is ""undefined"" when I use the && logic operator.  If I use the || logic operator, I get the wrong and same answer - ""101-185%"" - no matter what number I use for var income.    Are the logic operators in an Else..If statement used differently in JavasScript?","first of all, lets check your code because you have some mistakes, I'll add comments on where they are. note: also be careful when comparing strings, for example  will return . so if you want to compare values, parse them before comparing.   here you have your code without the mistakes and fixed.       ",,0,84,0,1,1,1
408,How can i make Redis and Mysql work together with a hosting provider?,"I have an application which use Redis and Mysql together, but I can't find an hosting plan which can make them work together, I find only plan only for mysql or plan for redis and other nosql databases, how I have to move to make my project work out of the local server?",you can install Redis on your server and use it. refer this link to install,,0,36,1,1,0,0
409,Customize css loader in angular,"I have this loader working fine.  CSS:        Now I need put some text in center   but my try not working. How Can I let my loader like in second image? I dont want install more external components, md-progress-loader, md-circle...etc.. TRY IT",A very simple solution is to just place the text into another div and position it accordingly - something like  and ,,0,40,1,1,1,1
410,Unable to create/write to a file using class member function in c++,"This is MedClass.cpp :-  This is MedClass.h :-  Now, if i implement it in main.cpp  in this way :-   Here if the program runs correctly, it should create a file inside medicines folder and should not display ""file not opening"" in the output.But i am getting ""file is not opening"" as the program output.this shows that the file is not getting created.Even manually creating the medicines folder does not help. But I am able to view already existing manually created medicine file named med inside medicine folder. Program output is something like this :-  So why am i able to view already existing medicine file but not able to create a new one using the member function CreateFile() ?what should i do to create a new medicine file with all the details so i can access it later.","Ok it seems like i solved it.If i add a minor change to createFile() function,the program runs perfectly.  I changed the first line from ""medicine_file.open(file_name)"" to ""std::ofstream medicine_file(file_name)"" and it runs as expected.",,-2,143,1,1,1,1
411,laravel one controller for differents models with same schema,"Hello I am developing an application with a Laravel api server and a C# Winforms frontend. The application has many database models, but most of them consist only in an id field and a name field. No more operations than storing and retrieving that data is needed. The data can't be combined into one table (technically is possible, but it would be a mess) because is totally different data,from postal codes and associated city to families of products. So I thought, as in C# I could make a generic form, if there is possible to make this in Laravel as it will speed up my work too much. Edit: Here I attach one example controller I want to make it Generic.  I would like to generalize this controller like this (this isn't real code):  Thanks","It is possible and can structure the route and controller as follows: Define a generic controller:  For example, if you have city model, then you can define a city controller and inherit the generic controller:  For route, register it to corresponding controller: ",,0,391,1,1,1,1
412,Angular 5+ http post issue,"I'm able to retrieve my objects just fine from a JSON file that resides on my localhost.  However, upon post, I get.  On the mock object I'm passing in, If I add an id property and some random number, it works.  But I don't want to have to pass in an id. Here's the service:  Here is where I pass in the mock object:  I'm using json-server to allow REST operations on my localhost. Contents of http://localhost:3000/tiles.json ",There are two ways you can solve this issue.  If you have access to the back-end code you can change it to ignore the id field form the request accepted. Instead to auto increment the id field. You can pass an id without the user entering an id.        I hope that helps. If it does not work plz feel free to comment. I am right there.,,0,67,1,1,1,1
413,Postgres Query to get details before 2 months,"I want to get the details of customers who has not visited for last two months by using . Below is my Query. I am getting all the data before 2months, but also wants to know whether the customer visits in between two months. If so, the result of query must not show that customer. ","One of ways to solve it is . You can create a corelated subquery which will check if there are any newer rows in . Another way is to use , like ",,0,38,1,1,1,1
414,JavaScript force close a tab programmatically?,I'm running into a problem where some websites are failing to programmatically close:  fails with:  The offending website is: https://www.1800flowers.com/about-us-employment-opportunities?utm_medium=direct&utm_source=1800flowerscom although this does happen to other ones too. How can I force close? What is running in the close method which is failing? Some investigation reveals the document is failing to find some document element in a script the website is trying to run but how can I prevent it from running anything before closing? I tried to set the on_X methods to null to no success...,"The problem you face is that this website has overidden the default  method with some other function. To get around this, you should be able to call the original Window.close method from the Window object returned by  in your master page.  But if for some reason, you absolutely want to close this method from inside the target page, then you can retrieve an original  method from an iframe's , and call this method on your broken page.       Here is a live plnkr to better demonstrates above code.",,0,1659,2,1,1,1
415,React-Bootstrap: How to submit horizontal form?,"I have created a react-bootstrap traditional vertical form that works perfectly and gets submitted on-click like its designed to.  However, when I tried to change it to a Horizontal Form  by adding  to the form wrapper like so : ", renders a div element with the class  - it is not a form element. That's why your submit doesn't work. More info here: https://react-bootstrap.github.io/components/forms/#form-row-props,,0,28,1,1,1,1
416,Scrolling TableLayoutPanel to button click,I set this to make the scrollbar invisble to my tablelayoutpanel:  How Can I set to button click scrolling to right and left? I tried this:  but it's scrolled only once time.,Do it this way instead:  We need  since the values returned by AutoScrollPosition are negative.,,0,20,1,2,1,1
417,React: how to check how many times a user logged in?,I need to show a popup (form for feedback) after a same user visits and logsIn to our site (let´s say) 4-5 times. Has anyone an opinion on how would be the best approach for this? Thanks!,"If you want to track the login count during the same browser session, I would use  to store into the application global state the successful loggin attempts. Then you can show the modal when the count is greater than the number you decide (4 or 5). If you want to track the historical login count, you'll need to store this information into the backend database to don't lose information between sessions.",,0,31,1,0,0,1
418,Read all rows and properties from List<T>," I would like to read all List rows and properties and write it to text file. I can't find how to do this part of code ""row[property.Name]""?",You can use : ,,0,28,1,0,1,1
419,jquery each for json,"I get JSON from my endpoint:  after it, i use:  how i can show data from json with jquery each? i try to do this but it not works correctly:  for ex, it must show (with jquery) only phones, like:  but show me ""undefined""","Remove the inner loop. The outer one already provide you the expected object, such as  The inner one will enumerate the values of those objects  and  in the above example.  is undefined, because there are no property  in the number        ",,0,30,1,0,1,1
420,Python run a VB.net button,"Following is my   I run a VB.net form by python, But I want to know how to click button on vb.net form using Python? Any idea? I find a opposite question in here Run python script in VB.net on button click","Finally I use  to do the job, Here's the code  so simple code to do it",0.0,0,47,1,0,1,1
421,Error While Creating A Note Book In Jupyter,Hello I am Creating A New Jupyter Note Book For The First Time Following This Documentation I typed  and this is the error that i got  I tried to  Even tho i have the latest version of PIP install resource  and it did not work, Are you using Python 3.8? This appears to be an issue with Python 3.8. I would suggest reverting to a older version of Python (3.7 works fine) until the libraries are resolved. Reference:  AttributeError: module 'time' has no attribute 'clock' in Python 3.8 https://github.com/jupyter/notebook/issues/5272 ,,0,22,1,2,1,1
422,How to edit 2 lists so that they match in python,"I have two lists,  and . They look like this:   I want to ensure that they can zip together and match. However, they do not as can be seen here:  It can be seen that  contains 'So' and  does not. To fix this, I want to drop 'So' from , which would result in this:  Essentially, I a word exists in one list but not the other list within the general index area, I want to remove it, regardless if it is in  or . I have used the fuzzywuzzy library for fuzzy matching, which does decently well, but it is very slow. Are there more efficient ways to do this?",The idea is to remove from  those items which are not in  and vice versa. Using sets are the way to compute this efficiently for large lists:  Prints: ,,0,38,1,0,1,1
423,Discord.py chain subcommands,"I have a command  that would accept 2 subcommands  or .  The idea would be that if one isn't specified, it would use a default value I can set.  Otherwise it parses it using the functions  and . So for example, doing  would use the default end time, and parse the start time. Doing  would use the default start time and parse the end time. Doing  would parse both the start and end time.  But is there a proper way to chain this?  My current solution only used 1 command, , and I parsed the arguments with something like . Would that be the best way to do it, or is there a more proper way to chain optional subcommands?","The below assumes that  will raise some kind of exception if it fails.  Here we define two converter classes that determine whether a word is start and end respectively. Using these, we can fit all of the logic into a single command: ",,0,46,1,0,1,1
424,Replacing array with matching key in object,"I'm trying to create a function which will replace array values with its matching object value. I've tried using . However, it will not allow for duplicate values as seen in the example below. Current code  Input  Current output  Expected output  localStorage Object ",It looks like you want  and . ,,1,38,1,1,1,1
425,Unable to find a way to convert a UTC timestamp to ISO format in python,"I am looking to convert ""Thu Jul 09 17:05:42 +0000 2020"" this string into ISO format in Python. I searched on internet but didn't find any useful information.",You can create a  object from the given string and then use the  to convert it to ISO format.  Output:  You can read more about formatting the date from the documentation,,-1,24,1,0,0,1
426,Python list : IndexError: list index out of range,"I am new to python and I am currently learning. I got text file with variable number of spaces in between words per line: I am trying to read it as follows:  But I got the following error:  Example lines I get with  If you could help me on this regard, much appreciated. Thank you, AK","Welcome to SO! If you run  you will see that the result is  If you tried to , you would generate an . So what is happening is that, somewhere, you likely don't have the character that you are splitting on.",,0,43,1,3,1,1
427,Spring batch job launching same job with incremented parameters,"I am looking to process a large tree, level by level. Job 1 would have parameter 1, job 2 would get parameter 2, etc ... Each job calling the next one while there is still a level to process. I have a tasklet in which the data is processed, then inside I tried to launch the next job but I got an exception . Although not sure, I understood that launching a job from the execute function of another one is not a good idea. I switched to adding a  and launching the next level in the  method, allowing me to use the  to extract the params and send them incremented to the next job. The problem I now face is the following;   declares the Job in a Configuration The service that launches the first job imports the Job via a @Resource The Listener is added within the  The Listener has to link to the service to be able to launch the job How can I inject the service to launch the job inside the listener ? It is not a bean and passing it through the constructor results in a cyclic dependency.  I think I have the wrong design but I do not know how to do this properly.","Nesting jobs will cause issues and make troubleshooting more difficult further down the lane. Instead of launching a job from another one, what you can do is add a  on the job that is processing your levels. Then in the  callback, you can:  Check the Job's  Run the next Job  This requires some exit condition otherwise you will end up looping forever, and you will need to tell the next job to process the next level. These both can be achieved in several ways:  Add an  so you can pass parameters Directly in the Step's Tasklet by using the   Both solution will allow you to pass parameters via the ",,1,36,1,0,1,1
428,How is cosmosDB RU throughput enforced,"I have a cosmosGB gremlin API set up with 400 RU/s. If I have to run a query that needs 800 RUs, does it mean that this query takes 2 sec to execute? If i increase the throughput to 1600 RU/s, does this query execute in half a second? I am not seeing any significant changes in query performance by playing around with the RUs.","As I explained in a different, but somewhat related answer here, Request Units are allocated on a per-second basis. In the event a given query will cost more than the number of Request Units available in that one-second window:  The query will be executed You will now be in ""debt"" by the overage in Request Units You will be throttled until your ""debt"" is paid off  Let's say you had 400 RU/sec, and you executed a query that cost 800 RU. It would complete, but then you'd be in debt for around 2 seconds (400 RU per second, times two seconds). At this point, you wouldn't be throttled anymore. The speed in which a query executes does not depend on the number of RU allocated. Whether you had 1,000 RU/second OR 100,000 RU/second, a query would run in the same amount of time (aside from any throttle time preventing the query from running initially). So, aside from throttling, your 800 RU query would run consistently, regardless of RU count.",,1,58,1,2,0,0
429,How to return specific field queryset DRF,"I want to create a custom queryset class that returns different fields to pre-define two cases.  when  is greater than today when it's less than today.  In case it's greater return all fields, else return only  and  fields.    ",Ok. Thanks to @ArakkalAbu comment I've just overridden  views.py ,,0,43,1,0,1,1
430,"using testcafé, how to be logged into multiple services the same time?","I am attempting to use testcafé to log into multiple services using testcafé's -mechanism/concept. My tests need to be logged into multiple services at the same time (i.e. they don't want to switch between roles). According to this guide (https://devexpress.github.io/testcafe/documentation/guides/advanced-guides/authentication.html), it should be possible to use testcafé with multiple roles. However, my tests only manage to switch between roles (i.e. they are are not logged into multiple services at the same time) Quote from above guide:  For instance, assume that you switch to a role that logs you in on website A. After you switch to this role, you log in to website B in test code. TestCafe adds a new cookie to the role branch. If you switch to a different role and then back to the initial role in the same test run, you will be logged to both website A and B. If you switch to this role in a different test, you will be logged in to website A only.  Here are my main attempts to accomplish the above, but none of them were successful.  What do I need to do to be logged into multiple services at the same time? testcafé version: 1.8.8 browser: Chrome 84.0.4147.89 / macOS 10.15.5","User Roles clean all associated cookies when applied, so you won't be able to accomplish this using two User Roles. You can either create one role that performs login on both pages or use the first User Role and manually log the second user in from the test body.",,2,30,1,0,1,0
431,How do I get my discord bot react to it being mentioned?,"I'm trying to get my JavaScript Discord bot to react to being mentioned in discord. However, it doesn't do anything when someone mentions it.       Could someone please give me a suggestion on how I get the bot to react to it being mentioned?","I think I did understand what you meant.  You want your bot to say something if it gets mentionned.  (correct me if I'm wrong) To do so, this if statement should be enough : ",,1,43,1,0,1,1
432,Create selectInput() choices based on numericInput in a shiny app,"I have a simple shiny app:  As you can see it includes a  and a . What I want to achieve is to create the number of  choices and their names based on the . For example if I choose ""2"" in the  the  should have 2 choices with names ""Test1"",""Test2"".","You need something like this, you don't need loop function parameter (choices), just create data what you need and pass into parameter.  ",,0,429,1,0,1,1
433,HTML Form: Make div as submit button,"I've created a webpage including a folder structure hierarchy using –. Therefore, I've created a design. It's simply a parent div with the  of  and inside all folders are listed with an  as the name. Through  I've set the folder ID as a custom attribute on each folder div:  Now, I would like to do that when someone clicks on , a get parameter should be set in the . So basically the URL:  I have a couple of ideas how I could achieve that, like creating a hidden form that will be submitted with javascript when clicking a folder div, but I'm not quite sure which way is the best and cleanest. I appreciate all the help.","You could do something like this, adding a click handler on the parent, and track which child were clicked on, and get its  From there you can e.g. assign that url to a  and post it using the 's  method Stack snippet       ",,-1,148,1,0,1,1
434,Display Many to Many in Show Blade,"I have a members, interests and interests_members table where 1 member can have multiple interests and 1 interest can be shared by multiple members. When testing the interests_members table update 100%. The interests_members table have the following columns:  id interest_id -> foreign key member_id -> foreign key  My problem is, I don't know what syntax to use in order to display the interests per member in the show blade? In need help with the Interest field in the code block below. show.blade.php: ",Make sure you have your relationships in place:  This will mean in your view you can do (example):  This explains how many-to-many relationships work: https://laravel.com/docs/5.6/eloquent-relationships#many-to-many,0.0,0,425,2,0,1,1
435,Setting different color on some grid items,"I want to set different grid item background color based on weather the model for that item has some boolean set to tru or false. So in my  method in my  I check:   When the recycler grid view is loaded, it looks fine, item that have that hasWiki==true are colored green, and that hasWiki==false are not colored at all. But when I scroll down and those uncolored items are not showing on the screen anymore, I scroll up again and these items that are supposed to be uncolored, are colored green now. It is all messed up. This is my MyViewHolder:  So, how can I fix these undesirable behavior? Is there another way to set different color to recyclerview items based on some arbitrary flag?","Change this:    to this:  When you're dealing with , it's important to understand that your s will be recycled and reused. So if you ever want something to happen ""sometimes,"" you need to make sure that you always set the state back to the default when ""sometimes"" isn't happening.",,0,45,2,0,1,1
436,improvement on import ... from,"Hey I was trying to the the following : I'm working on Vue.js and everytime you need a component you need to import them to be able to use them. So I was thinking to make module with every path of components like this:  And use the module like this in some files .vue for exemple:  But it seems that it doesn't work and I think it's a shame because this way, we could manage more conveniently the path for components and we need to make changes only on 1 file, if needed. What do you think? EDIT : I try to use re-export, it doesn't work also when I change from :  to this :  it doesn't work in the second case. As path.js contains: ",You can use re-export for that.   Than usage will look like this:   Learn more about re-export here - http://jamesknelson.com/re-exporting-es6-modules/  Check live demo here,,0,59,2,0,1,1
437,azure service bus queue read bulk message using nodejs,"I want to fetch messages in bulk from azure service bus queues using node js azure package, Now i am able to fetch message using set-interval.is there any other way to fetch messages in bulk.","The Service Bus REST API does not currently support receiving batches, so there is not a valid implementation in this library. Part of the reason is that the REST implementation is not particularly performant, and it is much better to use AMQP. If you are looking for something with better performance, I would take a look at this library:  https://github.com/noodlefrenzy/node-amqp10 Related issue on  Also you can try this . ",,8,592,2,0,0,1
438,Is it possible to download cli from maven?,"With npm, its common to do something like  I'm looking to do a similar thing with Maven, as the project I'm working on uses Maven as a build tool (It's a Java project). Is it possible to do something similar with Maven like  Questions  Is it possible to publish a CLI to Maven? Is it possible to download and install it with Maven? ","No, Maven does not work that way. You can download jars with Maven and start them using . But this is probably not what you meant.",,0,27,2,0,1,1
439,scrape specific table with div that hold the text with scrapy,"I am using scrapy to scrape the content from a website in a table.  example of the code:   But as you can see the text is inside a div in each ""tr"" tag, how would I get the text using xpath or css selector? Ive tried   this is the website: http://emaps.elmbridge.gov.uk/ebc_planning.aspx?requesttype=parsetemplate&template=WeeklyListAVDetailTab.tmplt&basepage=ebc_planning.aspx&Filter=^id^=%271%27&history=8a016b5504894a589b75179582da69ca&todatetext:PARAM=06%20July%202018&count:PARAM=63&id:PARAM=1&pagerecs=500&maxrecs=500 Thanks in advance!", UPDATE ,,0,235,2,0,1,1
440,Is it possible to add fields to struct in an existing AWS Athena table?,"I have a table that tracks user actions on a high-throughput site that is defined as (irrelevant fields, etc removed):  And want to add some more fields to the user data (e.g. level:int to track what level the user was when they performed the action). Is it possible to alter the table definition to include these new properties, and if so, is it possible to configure default values in the event that they aren't in the source data files?","No, You can't add a new column to struct in Athena. You can delete Schema and then create a new Table with required columns. Deleting schema or database won't affect your data because Athena doesn't store data itself, it just points to data in S3.",,2,1108,3,0,1,0
441,Automatic IP addressing in Ethernet network is not working,I am new to OMNET++ (version 5.4) simulator and i have been trying to do some tutorials to learn it. Now I am working on doing an example Ethernet connections as in the picture. and I have the following configuration in my ´net.ini´ file   when I lunch the simulation i don't see any IP assigning . what could be the problem? ,Change the line:  into:   Other way is to do:  Change the name of  object to . Remove the line:  ,1.0,0,49,3,0,1,1
442,Nginx + Node.js at Heroku,"Do i still to configure nginx if I want to deploy my node.js application on Heroku? or Heroku already handle that part? If I do need to configure, what are the steps? for those of you who have experienced deploying it on heroku, could you guide me. This will be my first time deploying something for real :) Thank you","Heroku handles the proxy between your app to port 80 (or SSL port when applicable) for you. But the port for your app is not fixed, it is potentially variable but always available as an Environment Variable . So in your node.js app, you should listen to  instead of a fixed value. Further, to make the app run both locally and on Heroku environment, you can do  assuming 3000 is your choice of the port number for local development purposes. See https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/dynos#local-environment-variables for further details.",,1,475,1,8,0,1
443,Python multiprocessing.Process behaves non deterministic,"The following code shows a simple multiprocessing.Process pipeline with a shared dictionary of lists and a task queue for different consumers:  When you run this example with Python3.x you will receive different outputs for the results dict. I actually expect the results dict to look like  But for some executions it looks like this:  Can someone explain me this behavior? Why is somethings a number missing? Updated solution approach according to the proposed answer:  Where lock is a  and self.local_dict is a . Moved lock according to the answer comment. Also added a version that doesn't work with the lock.  In order to get the second example to work, we need to call  on all worker too. ","Getting a local copy of the list, modifying it, and reassigning it to the manager dict is not an atomic operation, thus creating a race condition where an append operation can get ""lost"". Described in this python bug report. ",,4,193,3,8,1,1
444,Parsing a CSV file into HashMap stores a null value,"I am trying to read off a csv file and store the data into a hash map. I am able to correctly add the key but when adding the value, it is adding null for every single one. I am not sure why. Here is my code: EDITED CODE:     Here is a sample of the CSV file  Here is a screenshot of the output: ",Try this:  Your for loop is unecessary Also look at Dark Knight's answer for your null values issue EDIT Can you add this to your code and see what it does:  EDIT2  And the next bit ,,0,225,1,9,1,1
445,What design pattern best fits this multiple implementations per customer method?,"I have customers and each customer has a method to generate a reference number, but the reference number is different for each customer.  I have an implementation below, but I am curious if there are any scalability issues and what design pattern is this or what design pattern would best fit this scenario:  Here is how I might call it:  Here are some more specific questions:  The only reason why I had ICustomer was so I didn't have to do something like , but now I am wondering if the  is unnecessary and  should be moved into   Also, I hate having to do .  Is there a way I can just get the Customer back and call the method on it without having to explicitly cast? It seems based on comments, I should just have something like:  But if each customer requires unique logic to generate a reference number, how can I only keep one Customer object and override the behavior unless I have multiple  methods or  or  that can use the default reference number or their own unique logic to generate one.","You can move the GenerateReferenceNumber() method to ICustomer interface and use it in dictionary much simpler:  Or if you really want to keep both interfaces you can make the ICustomer derived from IReferenceNumber:  and then the usage is the same - no cast required. As for design pattern question, I don't see any specific design pattern that should be used here. It is basic case of inheritance, not the more complex behavior which has design pattern to implement it as a general approach. So no need for complicating this code with design patterns.",2.0,2,678,4,7,1,1
446,Using QueueClient.OnMessage in an azure worker role,"I have an Azure worker role that is responsible for checking 4 service bus queues. Currently, I just the looping method to manually check the queues.  With the Azure SDK 2.0 came the ability to listen for messages rather than polling for them. But Every example I've seen uses a console app with Console.ReadKey(). Is there a way to have the worker role sit and wait on messages too?  I tried:  where _queueProcessors is a list of QueueClients and Process is a private method that handles the messages. However, the worker role would register them and then restart. So anyone know how to make a queue client sit and wait on a message?",Following is a code sample for this:  },16.0,19,14690,39,7,1,1
447,Radio buttons to images and hover over values with tooltip,"I am trying to make a selection using images to replace the radio buttons. So far, I have this code which works...  How do I add a orange border around the selected item? And then add a tooltip in the middle of the image  with a black square box and with the words ""red books"" in white text when the selection is ""hovered"" over? Altogether there are 16 items, each has a different image.",Do you mean like this? http://jsfiddle.net/coma/zYVz8/16/ HTML  CSS ,,1,2113,3,10,1,1
448,How can I remove a view I added to navigationcontroller view?,"So I have a settings bar button item in my navigation controller which, when pressed from a home view controller, opens a settings vc transparent view over the home vc, so the home vc is still visible behind the settings vc. I want the nav bar to still show, so in the ""HomeViewController.h""I have the following code :  When I want to remove the settings view, in ""SettingsViewController"" I tried doing :  But when I do this and try to run the program, the program stops, and in the debug area, it just says  What am I doing wrong and how can I fix this???",Here crash occurred because of this code:  You are trying to remove the  view not the settings view. When you add the  add a  to it:  And use this  to remove the view from the navigationcontroller: ,1.0,2,2511,7,10,1,1
449,Should I be able to use the new 5.12 package version syntax without specifying the required Perl version?,"I am confused about the need for the  syntax and the  syntax introduced in Perl 5.12. I expected to have to specify both:  and any examples I have seen look like this. However, by accident (i.e. copying & pasting without paying attention) I found that this new package version syntax worked when I had  or even no version specified.  The underlying Perl installation is ActiveState 5.14, so in this case is the interpreter version the only requirement? I was under the impression that new features always required the  syntax, to assist backwards compatibility. Are there exceptions?","Not every new feature is a . The  syntax does this:  throw an error when the current perl version is too low. import the appropriate set of features from the  pragma. The perldoc page of my version of  lists:  (actually,  was introduced in 5.16, but was added to the previous bundles for back-compat). since 5.11.0, the  pragma is activated in the current scope.  Some modifications are so backwards-compatible that there is no need to provide a way to deactivate them (this is what the  pragma is about). The  syntax is largely backwards-compatible. Because of the missing comma between the version and import list in  this isn't an issue (i.e. this syntax was formerly illegal). When the  is missing, the  method would receive the version number on perls that don't recognize this syntax. The  module handles this case, and checks the module version. So all modules that provide the  via Exporter (the majority) are safe.",2.0,9,160,11,10,1,1
450,How to terminate a thread when main program ends?,"If I have a thread in an infinite loop, is there a way to terminate it when the main program ends (for example, when I press Ctrl+C)?","Check this question. The correct answer has great explanation on how to terminate threads the right way: Is there any way to kill a Thread in Python? To make the thread stop on Keyboard Interrupt signal (ctrl+c) you can catch the exception ""KeyboardInterrupt"" and cleanup before exiting. Like this:  This way you can control what to do whenever the program is abruptly terminated. You can also use the built-in signal module that lets you setup signal handlers (in your specific case the SIGINT signal): http://docs.python.org/library/signal.html",16.0,83,151428,46,2,0,1
451,Suspend file validation on Zend Framework,Currently on my application I have a form where I ask the user to upload an image file to be used as a logo. I want to allow the user to reset that to nothing by supplying no file (by just pressing the upload button from the browser). In this scenario the only thing left is to suspend file validation when no file is included. Currently I get the self::NO_FILE error from the Zend_Validate_File_Upload class. Is there any way to suspend the validation so that nothing will be checked if no file has been provided?,"Disabling a specific validation inside the Validator is not possible to my knowledge. You would have to subclass it and modify the correspoding part. However, I assume you are checking if the form is valid in a controller with something like  If so, you can check which error was returned on a failed validation with 's  method. If that is  then, forward the action to the action resetting the logo. Personally, I would a find a dedicated button to remove a logo the better choice though.",,0,331,0,3,0,1
452,Generate links for routes with non-parameter url segments on ASP.NET MVC 2,"I have a route defined with several hardcoded (non-parameter) segments:  Suppose I'm in the Index view of SuggestionController, which has a Suggestion object for Model, how can I create a link that matches that route? I know I can accomplish I by using plain ol' html like:  But this makes it impossible to pass on other route parameters (as a RouteValueDictionary, for instance), doesn't it? I was actually wondering whether is would be possible to do using one of the provided helpers, but without naming the route. I'd prefer to keep the route name as null in order to avoid hard-coding to much on my views, but I can't figure out how to user these non-parameter segments in Html.ActionLink or RouteLink methods. Any ideas? Thanks in advance.","The helper methods will take into account routes that you set up so you will be able to use them and they will output the URLs as you want. For example:  Or even better, if you are using the MVC futures assembly you will be able to do away with the magic strings and do:  EDIT: As Pointed out in the comments, there is a typo above, the calls to Action, should be ActionLink",1.0,0,387,1,3,1,1
453,Animation stops working after swapping,"I have a class which extends a SWC , in the swc i have two boxes, front and back and an animation on the same timeline. The animation works fine without swapping when I swap them the animation stops working. Anyway I can make it work? I have the following code : ","The short answer is, you should avoid using both frame animations and scripts on the same objects. Basically, frame animations and scripts are two different ways to control the properties of clips (position, size, stacking order, etc). And if you use them both, Flash has no unambiguous way to know which set of instructions should take precedence. The way Flash deals with this problem is, once you use scripts to update something, it is no longer affected by frame animations from then on (unless it gets removed from the stage and re-added). I posted a couple of general ways to fix this kind of issue in answer to this question - please have a look.",,1,111,2,3,1,0
454,Same socket getting created,I have this piece of code where a server socket is created and is set to listen on a particular port number say 5005. Now once the accept socket function returns the socket that gets created is copied into the m_Socket variable and finally i shutdown the server socket named SocServer which was created locally. Now my question Is it possible that the SocServer(created initially) and m_Socket(copied when accept returns) get the same number say 1500.  is it possible that Socserver and m_socket are the same because as per my code the socket connection is established and for some other reason it gets closed and in TCPView it shows established for a while and then no connection at all. Note: This happens only in some machines and is not reproducible always. Can any other network related issue be the cause.,"Are you certain that the client who is connecting to your server did not close the connection? Also, you did not provide any function which uses the m_Socket so i cannot tell you if there is any problem while handling the incoming connection. I do not think that  and  may end up the same.",,0,169,2,3,1,1
455,Android Load Camera image as Bitmap,"I am using BitmapFactory.decodeFile to load Bitmaps of images into my application. However, the function returns null on large images (such as those from the camera). The filepath is definitely correct, I just can't figure out why it would return null. I tried supersampling, but it didn't seem to help. Does anyone have any idea why it would do this or how I could more easily load images taken from the camera into a Bitmap? Here's the code I am using: ","You will need to provide more info about your problem, such as a snippet of code that you are using. If you want to know when/why the  method would return null, you can read directly its source code: http://casidiablo.in/BitmapFactory For example, one of the reasons that causes  to return null is if there's a problem while openning the file. Curiously, the developers dont't log anything with such a problem... look at the comment ""do nothing. If the exception happened on open, bm will be null.""  As you can see, the  does not work standalone... but it uses some other methods of the  class (for instance, , , , etc.). The problem could be on one of those methods, so if I were you, I would try to read and understand how they work so that I could know in which cases they return null.",2.0,2,5114,3,3,1,1
456,How does GMail display the sidebar?,"You know, like the ""Compose Mail,"" ""Inbox,"" ""Sent Mail,"" etc., on the left hand-side when you load up GMail? I did a search for ""Compose Mail"" in the page source and got nothing.","The Gmail interface uses JavaScript to dynamically load a lot of stuff. That explains why you don't see ""Compose Mail"". If you want to see how the final HTML document looks like, then here is my method: Install the ""Web developer"" Firefox extension Click Tools> Web Developer> View Source> View Generated Source",,2,428,4,3,0,0
457,"PHP, We have sessions, and cookies....I love cookies, but they are blowing my mind right now","Okay, I am not getting any response with my original wordy wordness... Can you execute script before setting cookies, or must it be the absolute first thing? Can you set cookies, and is it practical, with $_POST or $_GET if not practical...or secure...what can I do to make sure my cookies are set securely (at least more secure than the method I am trying) without utilizing SSL I appreciate the help. Matt","Setting cookies doesn't have to be the beginning of the script -- it just has to happen before you actually output any HTML (or http headers like a redirect). Yes, it's very practical to read and set cookies along with $_POST and $_GET. You set cookies with the  function in PHP, and read them from $_COOKIE. In terms of security, you just need to think about a few things. For example, the user can see and modify what's contained in the cookies. Anyone upstream on the network could potentially do the same. The key is to not store data in the cookie that is supposed to be ""secure"".",,0,95,5,3,0,1
458,Version-control in a large SSIS ETL project,"We're about to make data transformation from one system to another using SSIS. We are four people people who will continuously be working on this for two years and therefore we need some sort of versioning system. We can not use team foundation. We're currently configuring a SVN server, but digging into it I've seen some big risks. It seems that a solution is stored in one huge XML file. This must be a huge problem in a combined code/drag and drop environment as SSIS, as it will be impossible for SVN to merge the changes correctly, and whenever we get an error when commiting we will have to look inside that huge XML file and correct the mistakes manually. One way to solve this problem is to create many solution projects in SSIS. However, this is not really the setup we want as we are creating one big monster which will have 2 days to execute and we want to follow its progress as it executes. If we have to create several solutions are there ways to link their execution and still have a visual look of whats going on and how well the execution is doing? Has anyone had similar problems and/or do you have any suggestions as to how to solve them?","Most ETL projects I work use SVN as the source control repository.  The best method I have found is to break each project or solution down into smaller, distinct (and often independently runnable) packages.  So for example, say you had a process called ManufacturingImport, this could be your project.  Within this you would have a Master package, which then called other packages as required.  This means that members of the team can work on distinct packages or pieces of work, rather than everyone trying to edit the same package and getting into troublesome situations with merging.",1.0,4,8357,6,3,0,0
459,How to pick a specific object from a Linq Query using Distinct?,"I have a list with two or more objects of class Agent. Name = ""A"" Priority = 0 ResultCount = 100 ; Name = ""B"" Priority = 1 ResultCount = 100 ; Both objects have the same ResultCount. In that case I only need one object and not two or more. I did this with a Linq Query with Distinct and an custom made Comparer.  With this query I get only one object from the list but I never know which one. But I don't want just any object, I want object ""B"" because the Priority is higher then object ""A"". How can I do that? My custom Comparer is very simple and has a method like this: ","First group the elements by  so that you only get one result for each distinct value of . Then for each group select the element in that group with the highest priority. Try this query:  If you use morelinq there is a function called MaxBy that you could use instead of the last line, but note that it only works for LINQ To Objects.",,1,391,6,3,1,1
460,"""Did you mean"" feature on a dictionary database","I have a ~300.000 row table; which includes technical terms; queried using PHP and MySQL + FULLTEXT indexes. But when I searching a wrong typed term; for example ""hyperpext""; naturally giving no results. I need to ""compansate"" little writing errors and getting nearest record from database. How I can accomplish such feaure? I know about Levenshtein distance, Soundex and Metaphone algorithms but currently not having a solid idea to implement this to querying against database. Thanks","See this article for how you might implement Levenshtein distance in a MySQL stored function. For posterity, the author's suggestion is to do this:  He also supplies a LEVENSHTEIN_RATIO helper method which will evaluate the ratio of different/total characters, rather than a straight edit distance. For instance, if it's 60%, then three-fifths of the characters in the source word are different from the destination word. ",5.0,14,1848,11,3,0,1
461,How to find out if an object's type implements IEnumerable<X> where X derives from Base using Reflection,"Give a base class , I want to write a method Test, like this:  such that Test returns true if the type of o implements any interface of  where  derives from , so that if I would do this:  ...that it would do the right thing, using Reflection. I'm sure that its a matter of walking across all the interfaces of the type to find the first that matches the requirements, but I'm having a hard time finding the generic  among them. Of course, I could consider this:  ...but think of it as a thought experiment.",You could also use a LINQ query that could look like this.  This code assumes the following using statements:  Since this is just a thought experiment. Here is another implementation as an extension method. ,,5,12826,16,3,1,1
462,Programmatically select multiple files in windows explorer,"I can display and select a single file in windows explorer like this:  However, I can't work out how to select more than one file. None of the permutations of select I've tried work. Note: I looked at these pages for docs, neither helped. https://support.microsoft.com/kb/314853 http://web.archive.org/web/20100716112458/http://www.infocellar.com:80/Win98/explorer-switches.htm","This should be possible with the shell function  EDIT Here is some sample code showing how to use the function in C/C++, without error checking: ",7.0,22,17868,18,3,1,1
463,What is an Ontology (Database?)?,"I was just reading this article and it mentions that some organization had an Ontology as(?) their database(?) layer, and that the decision to do this was bad. Problem is I hadn't heard about this before, so I can't understand why it's bad. So I tried googling about databases and ontology, and came about quite a few pdfs from 2006 that we're full of incomprehensible content (for my mind). I read a few of these and at this point still have absolutely no idea what they are talking about. My current impression is that it was some crazy fad of 2006 that some academics were trying to sell us, but failed miserably due to the wording of their ideas. But I'm still curious if anyone actually knows what this is actually all about.","Karussell already provided the wikipedia definition:   ""a formal representation of the   knowledge by a set of concepts within   a domain and the relationships between   those concepts"".  In order to implement such a representation, several languages have been developed. The one that currently gets the most attention is probably the Web Ontology Language (OWL).  In a traditional relational database, concepts can be stored using tables, but the system does not contain any information about what the concepts mean and how they relate to each other. Ontologies do provide the means to store such information, which allows for a much richer way to store information. This also means that one can construct fairly advanced and intelligent queries. Query languages such as SPARQL have been developed specifically for this purpose. For my masters thesis, I have worked with OWL ontologies, but this was as part of a fairly academic research. I don't know if any of this technology is currently used in practice very much, but I'm sure the potential is there. Update: example An example of 'meaning' and reasoning over the ontologies: say you define in your ontology a class , and a class , which is a  that has no  that belong to the class . If you now create some instance of a  that just happens not to have any meat ingredients, the system can automatically infer that your pizza is also a , even if you did not explicitly specify it. ",11.0,21,21953,28,3,0,1
464,"In Emacs, how do I display a message in the minibuffer with font face properties?","I want to display a colored string of text in the minibuffer, but when I use the 'message' function, the text-properties of are stripped.","Works for me:  You probably had , which interprets the propertized string as a format control string, hence stripped of its properties.",3.0,19,3177,28,3,0,1
465,Execute a stored procedure as another user permission,"I faced the following problem: there's a user who has to execute a stored procedure (spTest). In spTest's body sp_trace_generateevent is called. sp_trace_generateevent requires alter trace permissions, and I don't want user to have it. So I would like user to be able to execute spTest. How can I do that?  ",Try this:  see these: Understanding Context Switching  Understanding Execution Context EXECUTE AS Clause (Transact-SQL) EXECUTE AS (Transact-SQL),,21,72408,32,3,0,1
466,Does an application installer OUTPUT anything?,"For example if App-A tries to installed App-B. Is there any way for App-A to know when App-B is finished installing and can be run? update to be specific I am trying to install ChromeSetup.exe on windows using AIR 2. update 2 Good information guys, after reviewing all your answers is seems like I should run the installer with the  argument so it installs silently. Then listen for the  event. I will try that and see if it works.","It Depends (TM).  Most of the time, the installer for an app is a single executable - so you can launch it and wait until execution comes back to you, but I've seen some unholy messes like ""downloader unpacker -> installer downloader -> installer unpacker -> installer"" which launched the next executable in the background. Try it with the specific apps you're after and see if the simple system() method works. If not, you'd have to monitor the process list to see if the other installer is done yet.",,0,77,0,4,1,0
467,Metric to measure object-orientedness,"Is there a metric that can assist in determining the object-orientedness of a system or application? I've seen some pretty neat metrics in the .NET Reflector Add-ins codeplex project, but nothing like this yet. If such a metric doesn't exist, would it even be possible or useful? There are the 3 supposed tenets of object-oriented programming: encapsulation, inheritance, and polymorphism; a tool that ranked programs against these might be able to show areas of a C# (or similar) code base where the whole object-oriented ideal was discarded, and perhaps how many bugs are associated with that area versus the rest of the project.","One meaningful interpretation of a good OO design is that objects in a design map logically and consistently to the domain objects being modeled.  Interpreting this requires a deep knowledge of the problem you're trying to solve, including the overall context.  Automated metrics are not yet sophisticated enough to understand context in this way.  In response to the comment, I thought I would expand a bit: The main point I was hoping to make is that OO is not 'encapsulation, inheritance and polymorphism'.  Those are just tools that enable modeling of a problem as objects that interact in well-defined ways.  If you want a good metric, you need to understand what you're really trying to measure.  It sounds like you're trying to validate a 'gut feel' notion of code quality with a metric to back up the feeling.  If that's the case, what's the real underlying concern?  Are you worried the code is brittle and likely to break easily due to unexpected side effects?  Is the object model too fragmented and hard to follow?  Are the individual objects too large to understand and maintain?  If you can define better the kinds of flaws you're hoping to to identify, it will help you to find appropriate metrics.  In case they are helpful, here is one useful set of metrics.",,3,197,1,4,0,0
468,Subscribing to Event Handlers,I'm curious about the pros and cons when subscribing to event handlers.    vs ,"From the technical point of view, there aren't any big differences between the two, so it is a question of coding style and personal preferences. Here are a couple of points that you can consider:  The declarative approach using the ASP.NET markup is usually shorter and you don't need a large method that does all the initialization If you initialize handlers in the code-behind you don't pollute the declarative markup with aspects relevant only for the code-behind (though I don't think this is a big issue)  In some cases you can use features such as C# lambda expressions nicely in the code-behind:  Something like this can reduce the number of single-purpose event handling methods that you need to write, which should make the code-behind simpler. However, I think that the general recommendation for simple ASP.NET applications is to use the declarative event handler binding, unless you have some good reason for not doing that (e.g. as in the example above).",,0,732,2,4,1,1
469,Calling next value of a sequence in jpa,"I have a class mapped as an Entity to persist it in a database. I have an id field as the primary key so every time the object is persisted the value of the id is retrieved from the sequence ""myClass_pk_seq"", a code like the following one.  I need to make in ""code"" attribute something similar to id. I need to have a sequence so I can assign to code the next value of the sequence (to reserve that value in case the user wants to reserve it but without persisting data). I mean the user will see the field, if he doesn't know what to enter he can push a button and receieve in the screen the next possible value (and he can or not accept it). How can I get the next value of a sequence defined in JPA (and increment its value) without persisting the data for a non primary key field? I just want to have a method which call nextval on a sequence associated with ""code"" field, and returns the value. What's the best way to do it in JPA with annotations? Thanks."," I just want to have a method which call nextval on a sequence associated with ""code"" field, and returns the value. What's the best way to do it in JPA with annotations?   Use native SQL to get the next sequence value when the user pushes the button. Either create the sequence manually or use a ""fake entity"" to have JPA create it for you. If you don't want to use native SQL, insert an entity relying on the sequence and gets its id.  Both solutions sounds a bit ugly. Maybe you could simply use a random generator like a UUID generator.  Actually, you didn't mention anything about the uniqueness of the  (and the JPA annotations don't show it must be unique). Why don't you return a random int?",1.0,6,25227,3,4,1,1
470,Splitting a list based on another list values in Mathematica,In Mathematica I have a list of point coordinates  and a list of cluster indices these points belong to  what is the easiest way to split the points into two separate lists based on the clusterIndices values? EDIT: The solution I came up with:  It there a better way to do this?,How about this? ,3.0,3,2082,4,4,1,1
471,Linux MV command failing from Script - using variables,"I'm trying to move files from within a bash script, I have the source and destination saved to variables:  And I'm running:  I get the output:  What am I doing wrong!?  The files I'm moving may or may not contain spaces in their paths. I'm using sed to add the escape char before the space. Thanks in advance :) ","There are a bunch of ways to deal with filenames that contain spaces, one quick solution might be to wrap the variables in the  command in quotes: ",,1,1163,1,2,1,1
472,Assigning missing values in PostgreSQL for row segments,"As part of my attribution modeling setup, I need to assign order_id's to the interactions that happened before the assigned transaction but after any previous order. Example, I have a table like this:  And I would like to have somethin like this:  thus filling in where the order_id is null. I have tried using a self join and calling the order_id where time is <= than the time in the second join but with no luck, this duplicates some of the rows. EDIT: here is my sql attempt:  I have an idea on the conditions I should use, the problem is I can't make it fill in the missing spaces with the order_id i need, it doesn't ""carry"" the order id row by row", EDIT: Changed names of table to reflect names in OP and removed extra column in final query.,,1,105,1,2,1,1
473,Confusion over assocation and getting info from console,"Confusion over trying to get information from Rails Console  I have the following models:  & .  For , it's a  For , it's   Let's assume they're associated, and functional. They are by the way. Here's the schema:   These are the routes:   When I run commands like:         They all work.  But when I try to run the reverse on  like:    They don't work. Why not?  EDIT  This is what I get when I run   "," is an  object, which is similar to an array. If you want to get commenter for each comment you can use   Or you can get first comment's commenter:  Same thing with: ",,1,30,1,2,1,1
474,How to create sql selection based on condition?,"I have the following database which shows characteristics of attributes as follows:  My desired result from a select would be:  Which means:  has only one  (50), where  occurs 2 times and  occurs 1 time. Of course the following is not valid, but you get the idea of what I'm trying to achieve:     ",Try this:  Demo here,,0,38,2,2,1,1
475,window.onload() is not firing in hybrid app,"this following code is working in the browser on my PC, but not in my hybrid app built with cordova. I'm using the ratchet framework. ","window.load is only for desktop browser, for hybrid application use, ",1.0,0,974,2,2,1,1
476,LISP copy function,I'm attempting to create a function that creates copies of whatever list the user puts in by the desired number of copies.  User: (copy '(A) '(7)) Output: (A A A A A A A)  I'm attempting to set up a counter and just create a new list into the current list by decrementing the counter. So far the counter is pseudo-code. This is the counter I'm trying to figure out.  The error I get is that whatever I put into  isn't a number.,"While I can understand why the first parameter is a list, the second must be a number. A very simple implementation might look like:  Testing:  The usual caveats concerning the use of  and object copying apply.",,-2,398,2,2,1,1
477,How to iterate over two directories,"I suspect this is the reason why I might be doing a file by file comparison too many times I have two directories:  contains files  and , and  contains files  and  as well.  When I run this I get:  It should be only printing four names. Is my loop wrong?",To answer the actual question in your title you can iterator over 2 directories using  e.g.   This will return an  of the files and directories located directly under  and . Also this will ignore dot files. See  for additional pattern options like recursion ().,,1,80,2,2,1,1
478,"Visual Studio Team Services - Build fails, definition wrong?","I've been working on a project for some time now and now I want to use Visual Studio Team Services for it. Locally, the building in Visual Studio doesn't give an error and the application works as intended. I've checked in this working code to VSTS so it's in the repo and good to go. Now I want to build it. I created a new Build definition with nothing changed. When I run the build it fails. I tried editing the build definition but with my 0 experience with this I only screw up more and create more errors.   My problem: Apparently, it wants to find C:\a\1\s But I have no idea why and how it came up with that path. What do I have to change in the build definition? I'm new to this so I don't know what all the settings do and where the files are that it needs. I tried adding the .sln file from the project folder to the build definition (as shown in the 2nd image) but it still want to find that weird path. So here are the build definitions, steps that go wrong and the errors in the logs.  NuGet restore ***.sln   Copy Files to: $(build.artifactstagingdirectory)    NuGet restore $/Test project/QRM/QRM.sln   Copy Files to: $(build.artifactstagingdirectory)    Edit The build definition's repository tab:  The repository structure: ",According to the logs you provided:  This issue may caused by the access permission of your build account. Please check and make sure the account that the build agent use has the permission to access to your code repository. Same issues for your reference: TFS 2105 build issue TFS 2015 Build Agent failing syncing the repository,2.0,4,3584,3,2,1,1
479,How to return a derived class using only code in the base class?,"I was recently posed this programming problem and failed to solve it. I was asked to write a subclass that could be inherited so that the below code could function correctly. Here's the catch, the base class (I named it Party) is the only one that can contain code for Find().   is hidden.  and  both inherit it. How could I have caused Party to return Customer and Company when called from one of those classes? I was told it's possible using generics but that I can't change the calls to look like . However, all the resources I examined say you can't return derived types from a base class. EDIT: I solved it by have  and  call  and then cast the result to their type. I submitted the solution along with the explanation:  I tried to keep the Find functionality in the base class as much in   the base class as possible but I wasn't sure how to return derived   types from a single base class without generics (which would require   modifying the test code anyway)  I received the reply:  You're mistaken, generics can solve this problem without modifying the   test code; specializing  at the call site as  is not   allowed. You have more to learn about generics. ","Just looking at your update, what the person was talking about was probably specializing :  This can then indeed call  statically on derived classes without passing the generic type to the  method explicitly.  Live example: http://rextester.com/GPDFI94766",1.0,3,465,4,2,1,1
480,Mixed type in vector (rbind dataframe without typeconversion),"In R a vector can not contain different types. Everything must e.g. be an integer or everything must be character etc. This gives me headaches sometimes. E.g. when I want to add a margin to a data.frame, and need some coloumns to be numeric and other to be characters. Below a reproducible example:  there must be an easier / better way?","Use a  object in your , like:  Where the second argument to  is a list, removed of conflicting names that will cause  to fail: ",1.0,4,1523,5,2,1,1
481,Haskell. (Maybe a) vs a, Error:  I understand error. But I don't know how to repair it. I don't understand why  cannot be matched with .  So how to repair it. I would like use Maybe here if is it possible.,"Imagine what would happen on that line if you instantiated  as a concrete type, e.g. .  would give you back a  which you would wrap to make a  and immediately try to concatenate it with , which because you passed to  must be a . This is what the compiler is telling you; you are simultaneously trying to use one value as two different types. To fix this you can match on the result of  before wrapping it in a list and appending it. If it's  append the . If it's  don't append anything. Side note: appending elements to the back of a list is very inefficient*. You might want to add everything to the front and then reverse at the end.  You have one other problem. Your definition of  simultaneously treats  as of type  (by returning a  in one case) and as of type  (if you fix the above). Edit: Not anymore after your edit. * As @WillNess points out, this is a bit of a fiction. Because of the pervasive laziness of Haskell, most operations that are commonly said to be ""expensive"" are not expensive at creation time, but only when elements are being used. A lot of quadratic time slow-downs vs optimal linear time operations occur because an incorrect order of associating operations causes the retrieval of an element to incur linear time cost. His answer that he linked is a good explanation of this.",,1,156,6,2,1,1
482,js regex result expression assignment issue,"I have a js string, for example:  which is being derived from a regex query. The string appears between [..] therefore I'm using the following to derive it:  now, following my question here, if I hard code my string (as a test) and assign it, when I output to console it reads 'hello' as expected. However, when I use the output of the regex query assigned to a variable, it's outputting the result as is, i.e. ""h""+""e""+""l""+""l""+""o"" and not ""hello"". I'm confused as to why.","The value you're storing in  is actually a string that looks like:  Which is distinct from the expression ; that expression is a series of string concatenations which evaluates to the string . Be cautious about using the output from  as a definitive guide; it renders the given values in a way that aesthetically valuable, but not always precise. I'm curious what you're actually trying to do.",,0,54,0,3,1,1
483,Validating date from user input,"I'm writing a program where I am supposed to have the user input a date from the year 0 - 4000. I'm supposed to see if the date is valid, and if it was a leap year or not. I'm having problems in my code.  I'm getting an else without error on line 57.  I also am not sure how to how to say if the date is valid or not.  IE: this date is valid, is a leap year - or is not valid is not a leap year ...etc... I'm still a beginner so I dont want the code written for me but I would like to know how to fix it! Thank you.  ","You don't appear to be placing the code between your 'if' and 'else' statements in curly brackets, which means that the statement will only apply to the next line. For example:  is read as  Hopefully, you can see how the compiler wouldn't understand this, as an 'else' statement must occur directly after its associated 'if' block. I would suggest adding some methods to simplify your code. For example:  Also, if you use boolean variables to store information, you can print it all neatly at the end. For example, you could instantiate a variable 'isValid' to true at the top of your code, set it to false if you calculate that the date is invalid, and use an if statement at the end to print your result. I know you said you didn't want it written for you, but that's the easiest way to demonstrate the importance of methods. Hopefully you can see how this is more readable than your version?  If you have any questions I'll try my best to answer them!",,1,1179,0,3,1,1
484,Adding a variable to applescript within obj-c,"Not sure if this one is possible in objective-c without having the script as a file and running it that way.  This works perfectly, but what I would like to do is replace ""Demo Window 1"" with a string (as it will be changed dynamically in the program) When I use something like this  And then replace this line:  With:  And   I receive an error that there are too many arguments, is there a way to do this without having the script separate?",Build the string like this;  or build the string as a separate step for a bit more readability.,,0,60,0,3,1,1
485,"How to remove a view from superview, without reloading?","I have a game, and i want to remove an obstacle. But when i do this, the view is completely refreshing itself. But I want the other subviews to stay, where they where.  To remove this subview I use:  Then it disappears on the screen, but after that all other subviews are set to their original Position.. is there another method, or do i have to save the positions and after reloading set it back again? wouldn't that look bad and buggy? Btw, when i added my view to subview, it was a let. don't know if its important..",If the other subviews move it means that their position depends on the view you removed. Working with auto layout take into account that  removes any constraints that refer to the view you are removing (or to its children).,1.0,0,597,1,3,1,1
486,Django view won't stop at breakpoint using Eclipse environment,"Looks like a stupid question, but I just can't make the code execution stop at breakpoint I tried to run the project by both pressing F9 and F11, but it still does not stop at the breakpoint. I use the local url http://127.0.0.1:8000/task_list/ which should call the createTask view. And it does actually call the view, and everything works perfect with the only exception that the debugger ignores all my breakpoints","Most major ide's have two different ways of running normally,  Debug - This is usually denoted by some sort of bug image (as shown in your screenshot) or separate symbol Run - This is usually a ""play"" button  The debug mode is the one you want, this is the one that inserts debug symbols. The run doesn't set any of these up so you will find that your program may run slightly faster this way, which makes it more advantageous when modifying files that don't require you to restart the server.",,0,71,1,3,0,0
487,Listing Elements of Array / List<String>,"I found some helpful post, but need clarification. I have a matrix with a list of numbers in it, separated by a space between each number.  I have read that data into my program with the following code:  I believe I have read this into an array or a List of strings, but not sure how access the data from here, so I can print it out to a file.","I'm not certain how you want it formatted in your output file, but this will print them one number on each line:   SelectMany This will allow you to pull in the data, manipulate the numbers and then put it back in the original format:   Select",,0,46,1,3,1,1
488,conditionalPanel in Shiny not working,"I am trying to use conditionalPanel to display message when a file is being loaded. However, the panel is not disappearing once the condition is TRUE. I have created a reproducible code below: server.R  ui.R ","Conditions supplied to  are executed in the javascript environment, not the R environment, and therefore cannot reference or inspect variables or functions in the R environment. A solution to your situation would be to use , as in the example below. ",1.0,5,2950,5,1,1,1
489,Pandas Melt Function,I have a dataframe:   And a dictionary:  I would like to reshape my dataframe to look like this:  Note that  doesn't have any values in the  column and the order of the rows does not matter. I think I should be using the  function but the examples that I've come across aren't too clear.," gets you part way there.  This has everything except . To get that, we need to reshape  a bit as well.  And moving 'Other' from  to  ",6.0,20,38721,20,1,1,1
490,Vue components communication,I have two Vue components:  How can I access component A from component B? How does the communication work between the components?,"Cross-component communication doesn't get much attention in the Vue.js docs, nor are there many tutorials that cover this subject. As components should be isolated, you should never ""access"" a component directly. This would tightly couple the components together, and thats exactly what you want to prevent doing. Javascript has an excellent method for communication: events. Vue.js has a built-in event system, mainly used for parent-child communication. From the docs:  Although you can directly access a Vue instance’s children and parent, it is more convenient to use the built-in event system for cross-component communication. It also makes your code less coupled and easier to maintain. Once a parent-child relationship is established, you can dispatch and trigger events using each component’s event instance methods.  Their example code to illustrate the event system:  Dan Holloran has recently written a piece on his ""struggle"" with cross-component messaging, in two pieces. This might be helpful to you if you need communication between components that have no parent-child relationship. Another approach I have experience with (other than using events for communication), is using a central component registry that has a reference to the public API with an instance of a component bound to it. The registry handles requests for a component and returns its public API. In the context of Vue.js, events would by my weapon of choice.",8.0,31,14714,32,1,1,1
491,Storing userid in application scope when ever user logged in,I am trying following code When ever a user login I want to store his userid in application scope. like  and whenever user logged out I want to remove its id from application variable. Problem above code is not working for my purpose how to achieve this?,"Don't you think that you should initialize the ""logins"" variable when it is null.  Instead of    Try using this:   You havn't specified any error or what you wanna do. Please be specific for further help.",,-1,71,0,2,1,1
492,How to delete ForeignKey field from model safely?,"I have a model like this (simplified for relevancy):  I just realized that  needs to be  instead of . Making that change will essentially mean removing the existing  field and creating the new one. The problem is that I had bad experience in the past when messing with  field. To make matters worse, I already created a couple of  objects in the database with the  linked to  objects. My question is how can I delete, and ultimately change,  field without causing runtime errors later on? Additional context: I'm using Django 1.9 and PostgreSQL.","I think you can use django  to do that.  Add a  field pointing to the model , you might need to add  for that. Create one migration that apply the field to database. Create a data migration and copy the  value from  to the new field for each . Delete your  field in model, then create another migration to apply the deletion to the database. ",,2,1263,1,2,1,1
493,angular ng-repeat without controller,"I am learning angular and would like to understand why the list li in mainMenu.html is showing the data from the json file even thou there is no controller in the mainMenu.html  And if MainMenuCtrl is the controller as indicated in app.js, How can I implement  inside the li tag as well? Thanks       ","The controller is defined in your app.js, is . For the second question you need to implement a function in the same controller called  that takes as parameter an item. You have to write something like :   So if you define a controller with $routeProvider you don't have to define it explicitly also in the view (html file).",,2,682,1,2,1,1
494,Azure Powershell Runbook - Invoke commands on remote VM (ARM a.k.a. V2),"What I need I want to have an automation runbook that executes commands on a remote VM (the VM is a V2 or ""Resource Manager"" VM). I found examples to make that work with Classic VMs but I can't make it work for RM VMs (best I found: https://alexandrebrisebois.wordpress.com/2015/08/14/azure-automation-remote-powershell-and-a-virtual-machine/). Does anybody have an example of running powershell commands on a remote V2 VM in an automation runbook? Where I'm stuck currently I have tried to adjust the 2nd piece of the example code (the part that invokes the command) and I get the following error:  My understanding is that since I am not using Kerberos (don't even know what that is) I must use HTTPS. And for that I must do the first half of the example code, which is about importing the certificate (importing where btw since the runbook runs ""in azure""?). I found some pages that explain how to enable HTTPS (Connecting to remote server failed using WinRM from PowerShell) and create the certificate (http://www.jayway.com/2011/11/21/winrm-w-self-signed-certificate-in-4-steps/) but they require some commands to be run on BOTH machines ; I certainly can run commands on my remote VM but I don't understand how I could do it for the client machine which does not really exist since the runbook is running directly in azure. Any help is greatly appreciated, thanks!","Is your network security group configured to open port 5985 (winrm http port) or 5986 if using https? You also might need a public IP, if you plan on using winrm not from Azure automation. You should also be able to use http, so I think the error you're seeing is a generic failure to connect error. Note: by default, winrm over http and the listener should be set up and listening on your machines. winrm uses message level encryption, so it's not completely in plaintext. You can verify with:  Which should show you the listener with something like:  Once you've verified that, I would verify that you can connect to the remote machine using winrm from your own computer. You can easily do that with:   Note that you may have to set your trusted hosts on your own computer to trust the Azure machine to create the winrm session. This can be done with something like:  Note that you should use the Azure VM's actual name for security, not a wildcard.",,2,3786,2,2,1,1
495,How to access node on server hosting,"Need some help for newbie like me, I was upload my node js project to server hosting vps using sentora. And now i dont understand to running my project. in my local computer running node just type command   node server.js  and i can access in browser localhost:8080 My question is how running node js in server hosting ?","I am not familiar with Sentora, but a quick look at their forum shows that Sentora was not built to handle Node.js. It is meant for PHP servers. You could try going for another hosting service that fully supports Node.js, such as Digital Ocean or Heroku. Digital Ocean also provides a fully configurable Ubuntu box where you can perform all kinds of CLI operations. For persistent deployment, I advise using a tool like  from NPM. It will keep your server alive even after you exit the ssh session with Ubuntu box. To install , go to your Ubuntu box and type:  Then go to your Node.js project directory and deploy server as follows: ",,-1,270,1,3,0,1
496,What is the correct syntax to use && and ! in an if condition?,What is right syntax to check values based on  condition using  and  operator?  I am getting an error and am confused by !. main.js ,,,1,112,3,2,1,1
497,"Deactivate TLS 1.0 and TLS 1.1 for website, not server","I have a client who wants TSL1.0 and 1.1 disabled for their website. I did that using powershell on the windows 2012R2 server. Perfect. But my MS SQL 2012 server on the machine became inaccessible, so I had to enable the protocols again. I have been struggling to find ways to only deactivate these for IIS or possibly specific site. Hope someone can help","Both IIS and SQL server run Schannel. And its far ahead IIS pipeline. So I'm afraid it's impossible to disable TLS 1.0 AND 1.1 for IIS site separately. Besides, disable TLS1.0 and 1.1 is not kind of best performance operation. If you still require to disable TLS 1.0 and 1.1, then please focus on troubleshooting sql server inaccessible issue via network monitor. But I think you should disable SSL 2.0, 3.0 more than TLS 1.0 1.1.",,0,144,1,3,0,0
498,Twig variables as references,I'm trying to change a Twig variable via a php reference but I can't achieve that. I looked around and nor with Twig functions nor with Twig filters I could do what I want. Any idea how to do that?  In my Twig extension file: ,You would need to pass the context by reference if you wanted to change variables inside your extension e.g.  ,,0,96,2,3,1,1
499,"elasticsearch:java.lang.IllegalStateException: availableProcessors is already set to [12], rejecting [12]","configuration:  and the error:  What I've tried:  there is really no error, but an empty project starts for 30s, and there will still be a warning message after five minutes, indicating that the node failed.(source http://programmersought.com/article/8040225496/;jsessionid=70FC7469589CCD7E8F7D10965C499E42) What I should do? Shoule I do something with my redis?","if you want to run a test,you may need a configuration like this  and it dose not work for application; if you want the application to run well,you can do this  add the  to the function main.",,0,379,0,4,1,1
500,i can't load data from mongoDB using Angular 8,"I can't load data from MongoDB using Angular 8. I've done it with https://jsonplaceholder.typicode.com/ and it is working, but locally 'http://localhost:3000/employees' it does not. I post data but i can't it how can i solve this problem pls !!! Dashboard service file:  Component file:  server side :  server side : ","You are using the same route url  for all your routes here:  You need to use different urls in your index.js so that routing can work as expected:  And in your employees router (and also in the other routes), you don't need to add employees to the url:  Now you need to be able to get data when you send a GET request to this url  I suggest you to test the api first with postman, and after you see it is working, proceed to integrate to the react app. Also change your DashboarService definition like this:  And also add this error case in your component: ",,0,153,0,4,1,1
501,How to extract only the text which is not inside any tag using xpath with selenium and python binding,"Link to the page is: ""https://www.members.agta.org/assnfe/CompanySearch.asp?MODE=DETAIL&COID=1026706&COMPNAME=&CITYNAME=&STATENAME=&CITYID=0&STATEID=0&CTRYID=181&SEARCHIDENTIFIER=81.145.145.150_12/24/2019%203:31:24%20AM&RETAILMBRS=0&ORGTYPE=0&GEMSTONEID=-1&PRODUCTSID=-1&COMPANYDATA=&TID=2&GEMCOLORID=-1&GEMCUTID=-1&GEMQUALID=A"" Here is the html i am targeting:  I need to extract ""Garmendia, Diane"" using the xpath expression.  I have tried using:  But the error i am getting is: ",To Extract the  use  and  Induce () and wait for () with following  Code: ,,0,36,1,5,1,1
502,Using XPath to add elements to mutiple elements doesn't work as intended,"My logic goes as follows: I want to find the first element that misses a given attribute, add the attribute and then find the next element which misses the element, add it and so fourth.  I find the first element missing the amount attribute in the following way:  When I've found the first element missing the attribute, the amount is added in the following way:  The problems is, that it only adds to the first element, and then the first function always returns the second element, even though there's more elements to come? Any ideas why this is?",You are already inside  during your  loop. Point directly to subnode. ,,0,21,0,6,1,1
503,MySQL Join - Retrieve Left Table Rows only if all the Right Table Rows satisfies the WHERE clause,"I have two tables (Table A & Table B) in which a single parent row in 'Table A' will have multiple rows in 'Table B'. I have to retrieve rows from 'Table A', only if all the child rows in 'Table B' satisfies a WHERE clause. Table A   Table B  Now I have to fetch the rows of 'Table A' for those which all the child rows in 'Table B' satisfies the  clause .",THis will do it: ,,0,72,0,6,1,1
504,JSON.parse not working correctly as needed,"im working with SQL and its JSON data type, ive inserted a Array Object and Appending new objects, but when i use   and then when i go on node to parse the data it doesnt work. heres a picture of the inserted data and at the bottom is the appended data  but you can see at the bottom ""id-4"" is different, when printing this to my terminal ive tried parsing it already  infact, ive tried multiple things  so basically, whenever i append a new object it doesnt let me parse it as if it was inserted. sorry for my poor explanation in advance.. ","As far as MySQL is concerned, you are appending a string to your JSON array. To have it interpret the JSON as JSON, you need to cast it. For example  Demo ~ https://www.db-fiddle.com/f/xnTrecnFBgiQWwuvTaAYu4/0 See https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/json.html#json-converting-between-types FYI, I knew absolutely nothing on this topic before answering and found everything I needed in the MySQL manual. It's a fantastic resource and well worth reading.",,0,74,0,9,1,1
505,Should Observers be notified in separate threads each one?,"I know it sounds heavy weight, but I'm trying to solve an hypothetical situation. Imagine you have N observers of some object. Each one interested in the object state. When applying the Observer Pattern the observable object tends to iterate through its observer list invoking the observer  method. Now imagine that a specific observer has a lot of work to do with the state of the observable object. That will slow down the last notification, for example. So, in order to avoid slowing down notifications to all observers, one thing we can do is to notify the observer in a separate thread. In order for that to work, I suppose that a thread for each observer is needed. That is a painful overhead we are having in order to avoid the notification slow down caused by heavy work. Worst than slowing down if thread approach is used, is dead threads caused by infinite loops. It would be great reading experienced programmers for this one.  What people with years on design issues think?  Is this a problem without a substancial solution?  Is it a really bad idea? why?  Example This is a vague example in order to demonstrate and, hopefully, clarify the basic idea that I don't even tested: ","You're on the right track.  It is common for each observer to own its own input-queue and its own message handling thread (or better: the queue would own the thread, and the observer would own the queue). See Active object pattern. There are some pitfalls however:  If you have 100's or 1000's of observers you may need to use a thread pool pattern Note the you'll lose control over the order in which events are going to be processed (which observer handles the event first). This may be a non-issue, or may open a Pandora box of very-hard-to-detect bugs. It depends on your specific application. You may have to deal with situations where observers are deleted before notifiers. This can be somewhat tricky to handle correctly. You'll need to implement messages instead of calling functions. Message generation may require more resources, as you may need to allocate memory, copy objects, etc. You may even want to optimize by implementing a message pool for common message types (you may as well choose to implement a message factory that wrap such pools). To further optimize, you'll probably like to generate one message and send it to all to observers (instead of generating many copies of the same message). You may need to use some reference counting mechanism for your messages. ",4.0,9,2784,7,9,1,0
506,Storing PHP Simple HTML DOM results to MySQL DB,"I'm trying to take parsed data and store it to a DB. With the way it is currently setup, it only stores the first item on the referenced website in the database. I need it to loop through and save each item to a row in the table. Where do I need to make modifications in my code? ",try this  EDIT: for this  use   for this  use  EDIT2: ,,0,2689,0,10,1,1
507,Parsing NSString as JSON,"I have read several forums but am seemingly unable to accomplish this simple task. I have a View in Xcode that points to a PHP script and stores the results as the NSString below: [{""id"":""16"",""name"":""Bob"",""age"":""37""}] I am having trouble parsing this NSString. This is how I am getting the contents of the NSString:  How do I convert the result (strResult) to JSON and take the objects out of it? I would assume its something like below, but I know I am missing something  Any help would be great. Thank you!",use the class NSJSONSerialization to read it   in your case ,1.0,2,3539,13,10,1,1
508,function repeat (simple),"I was trying to repeat the entire function in a loop but nothing works. I tried Loop () callback, set interval(). Can someone point me to the right direction? What would be the best method to repeat the entire animation? Thanks "," @Phillip So what ever you have in the question works now.. you just want the code to be improvised.. Is that correct? – Vega Hi Vega. Yes the code works nicely but would like the  to occur. thanks – Phillip  Converted the code you have like below, DEMO: http://jsfiddle.net/RuX5d/5/   I am not very sure about what you want.. but I believe you want to  and  content repeatedly. If so, try my demo and code below, DEMO: http://jsfiddle.net/RuX5d/1/ ",,0,106,3,14,1,1
509,Event detect when css property changed using Jquery,"Is there a way to detect if the ""display"" css property of an element is changed (to whether none or block or inline-block...)? if not, any plugin? Thanks"," Note Mutation events have been deprecated since this post was written, and may not be supported by all browsers. Instead, use a mutation observer.  Yes you can. DOM L2 Events module defines mutation events; one of them - DOMAttrModified is the one you need. Granted, these are not widely implemented, but are supported in at least Gecko and Opera browsers. Try something along these lines:  You can also try utilizing IE's ""propertychange"" event as a replacement to . It should allow to detect  changes reliably.",30.0,91,113836,93,11,0,1
510,How to make --no-ri --no-rdoc the default for gem install?,"I don't use the RI or RDoc output from the gems I install in my machine or in the servers I handle (I use other means of documentation). Every gem I install installs RI and RDoc documentation by default, because I forget to set . Is there a way to make those two flags the default?",You just add the following line to your local  file (it is in your home folder):  or you can add this line to the global  config file.   Here is how to find it (in Linux): ,277.0,1048,251578,1230,12,1,1
511,"Simple statistics - Java packages for calculating mean, standard deviation, etc","Could you please suggest any simple Java statistics packages? I don't necessarily need any of the advanced stuff. I was quite surprised that there does not appear to be a function to calculate the Mean in the  package... What are you guys using for this?  EDIT Regarding:  How hard is it to write a simple class   that calculates means and standard   deviations?  Well, not hard. I only asked this question after having hand-coded these. But it only added to my Java frustration not to have these simplest functions available at hand when I needed them. I don't remember the formula for calculating stdev by heart :)","Apache Commons Math, specifically DescriptiveStatistics and SummaryStatistics.",16.0,68,72700,83,15,1,0
512,Implement conversations.create in C#,I am looking at Slack’s documentation on conversations.create and I’m not sure how to integrate it in C#. Do I need to import their Slack API solution into my code to use it? Any help would be great!,"To create a channel with C# all you need to do is make a POST request to the respective API method.  will work, but I recommend the newer  API method. There are many way how to you can make a POST request in C#. Here is an example using , which is the preferred approach. Check out this post for alternatives. Here is an example:  Note: The token you need it kept in an environment variable for security purposes, which is good practice.",0.0,1,76,1,0,0,1
513,why data binding doesn't work for my custom attribute directive,"Below is my code, I omit component code for abbreviation: template.html  and below is the custom attribute directive code:  Currently I have 5 items as:  then I add a new item, then I have:  I'm confused here,why only the sixth item's color is changed to yellow(bg-warning)? should it be that all items' color should be changed to yellow? Because when I added a new item, the data source of  changes, so  returns six items, since the data source changes, the whole  should be  reevaluated, so now each item's from 1th to sixth should be in yellow, isn't it? so why only the sixth item is in yellow? "," - this statement is incorrect.  has a number of optimizations under the hood. In this scenario the first 5  instances remain unchanged and only a single new instance is added.  When the contents of the iterator changes,  makes the   corresponding changes to the DOM:   When an item is added, a new instance of the template is added to the DOM. When an item is removed, its template instance is removed from the DOM.   When items are reordered, their respective templates are reordered in the DOM.  Angular uses object identity to track insertions and deletions within   the iterator and reproduce those changes in the DOM.  If you take a look at the console when adding the 6th product you will only see a single additional 'been called' message. As the value of  is only read during the  hook of your directive, only new  instances will appear yellow.",,1,40,1,2,1,1
514,"Custom(different) right-click menus for node, edge and canvas in MxGraph","I need to provide different actions/options in the right-click context menu depending on whether the user clicks on a node or an edge or on the empty canvas area. I've been studying the drawio/jgraph source code, specifically the menus.js file to understand how the right-click menus are context specific. The draw.io app does seem to have different right-click menus on the canvas vs. the vertices & edges. However I haven't come across the code doing the differentiation of the object clicked on. Any help or pointers on this would be greatly appreciated.","You should extend the  functionality, let me give you a code example Let  be your graph object  Hope this helps :)",,0,496,1,3,0,1
515,React native Flatlist official documentation not rendering,"I took the example in official React native documentation to apply, just changed few things that should not matter at all, and added  so I can make sure the component is exported properly in my parent component.  The part with  shows but the list itself doesn't show. I tested  with mapping  before  and it worked but Flatlist doesn't work.   ",This issue is because of SafeAreaView placing is not proper. Refactor your return as  The SafeAreaView should be used as root tag of the screen to avoid view mis alignment in notch devices. Kindly refer React-Native SafeAreaView,,0,31,1,1,1,1
516,Select record in a specific order,I have a table like below..  Op:   Want op like below  Without using union operator Should be a single query,"For just those values:  X is the only one that is out of alphabetical order so if we use a case to assign 0 to that and 1 to everything else, and sort by 0/1 first, then we will end up with X sorted first and everything else tied on 1. The tie is resolved by then sorting alphabetically on name after we sort on the CASE  There are other similar tricks you can pull using decode, case when to give everything a value (like gmb did), replacing X with null and sorting NULLS FIRST, replacing X with something that will sort before A such as 0...",1.0,0,33,1,0,1,1
517,Killing shell processes when thread dies,"I have code like this:  If  encounters an exception, it kills the thread and the whole ruby process, which is what I want. But,  continues running in the background. How can I have  also be killed when the ruby process aborts?","You can't (with a general flag on  at least). It's a separate process that you started in a thread. The thread dying doesn't stop the process. You have to save the pid of the process and terminate it explicitly:  Output:  Needless to say, don't use this code as is in production.",,3,32,1,0,1,1
518,"How to read KMLfile from local server for Openlayers ""EarthQuakes in KML""?","I use the following EarthQuake map on my local server: https://openlayers.org/en/v4.6.5/examples/kml-earthquakes.html I have a standalone ""map.html"" for the map in my application in my ""Views"" folder. Impementing this works ok, the map loads, and using the examples data:  The data shows up in the map, all good so far By going to this'data-url', a file is downloaded. So i download and edit this file with my own KML-datapoints. And then i place this file in the same folder as my ""map.html"" (The views folder). I have tried to reference it manually by path, but got some CORS issues, then i sought out some xmlhttprequest, but not sure that is the right path since it's supposed to be a file (?) ..... So it all boils down to: How do i reference my kml-file from within the script tags in the HTML-eartquake-file to this file in the same folder? Update feb 2020: I think now the CORS issue is removed. However, when i try to implement this it does not work:  If i use the Openlayer example link in the VectorSource - URL; https://openlayers.org/en/v4.6.5/examples/data/kml/2012_Earthquakes_Mag5.kml, my app downloads a file like this: ""filename.kml"" If i use my own file on my server, i get a file like this ""filename""  That is without the .kml extension.  The url looks like this in this case:    https://myapp.net/mydata.kml   In express/nodejs i send the file like this:  Here is a example from the Chrome download bar:  How can i send my file WITH extension? And will that solve my problem? Thanks",If you are using IIS you need to go to the management panel and add  to the MIME types.  If you are planning a lot a mapping applications adding  (application/json) and  and  (text/xml) might also be useful.  You will also need to enable cross origin access for your data folder ,,0,128,1,5,1,1
519,How to write custom JSON Deserializer for Jackson?,"I need to deserialize some JSON to Java class. I have the following JSON:  and I have the following Java classes:  and I need deserialize in this way, if  equals  and  equals  I need to deserialize into  class otherwise I need deserialize to  class. How can I do it? ","You don't need a custom deserializer. Mark your BaseClass with the following annotations, and deserialize with an ObjectMapper:   defines to use value of  field for type name.  associates type names with java classes",0.0,0,79,1,2,1,1
520,Proper reuse of Axes in GeoDataFrame.plot(),"I want to draw a simple choropleth map of NYC with binned # of yellow cab rides. My gpd.DataFrame looks like this:  where  is a number of region,  is target variable of my plot and  column is just a series of  rectangles composing one covering the whole New York. Drawing NYC from shapefile:   Drawing choropleth alone works fine:   But if I put  parameter:  the output is  EDIT:  Got it working with following code:  ","When only doing this with  calls from geopandas this seems to work fine. Had to make up some data as I don't have yours. Let me know if this helps somehow. Code example should work as is in IPython.  This should give you something like the following  --Edit, if you're worried about setting the correct limits (as you're doing with the boroughs), please just paste the following to the end of the code (for example)  This should then give you: ",,1,218,1,1,1,1
521,database creation from multiple spreadsheets that keeps updating,"I have a spreadsheet template that contains 3 sheets, for 3 types of tasks made for a client (let's call the sheets ""task1"", ""task2"" and ""task3"").  Each client (""client1"", ""client2""...) has his own spreadsheet made from this template. Each of the sheets for each client is being constantly updated everytime a new task is made in a new row that contains its' details. New clients (=new spreadsheats) might be added.  I would like to create a ""tasks documentation master"" - a database that will hold, in 3 sheets (""task1 master, ""task2 master"", ""task3 master""), all rows from all sheets for all clients.  How can I make it dynamic to keep updating with all data in all spreadsheats (blank rows should not be updated in the database)? How can the syncing range be defined (for example - only sync fro, row 4 and up to column O)?  Thanks!","Using the methods for the Spreadsheet Service [1] and installing an onEdit trigger to each of the clients Spreadsheets [2], I achieved the process you want with the following code:  You need to run createSpreadsheetEditTrigger function each time you want to add a client Spreadsheet (replacing first the given spreadsheet ID). Also, replace the master spreadsheet ID on myFunction. [1] https://developers.google.com/apps-script/reference/spreadsheet [2] https://developers.google.com/apps-script/guides/triggers/installable#managing_triggers_manually",,1,91,1,11,0,1
522,How to fix the repetitive outputs from multiprocessing a method?,"I am trying to run a Classifier model on top of an OD Model (used for localizing objects). To decrease the latency, I used multiprocessing for both OD as well as Classifier model. The output is correct but I am getting repetitive results. I have a machine with 8 cores and so I am multiprocessing with  I am using  and have an iterable as the list of image paths. To get the results as list I am using . In the starting I didn't implement  after , which I identified after going through a few sites. The error in output I am getting is because of the  I am passing to the . The number of repetitions of the same output is same as the chunksize. But according to my understanding of chunksize, it should just create batches of size same as chunksize and pass each batch to one process.  Output:  Expected Output: ","I believe the problem is the fact that you have the  function append a result to the  list each time it is executed and then return the entire list — thereby returning a value that has accumulated the results of previous calls. The number of times this occurs is controlled by the . Fortunately that's easy to fix — just return the tuple you were appending to the list. If you do that, there's no longer a need to have the list at all. Note I had to added an  guard to the code so it would work on my computer running Windows because child processes are created differently on it than they are on unix-like OSs. It should still work on them, so doing so it portable. The need to do this is in the documentation in a subsection titled Safe importing of main module in the  module's Programming guidelines. Another change made was to move the  call to after the , because by then all the child processes have ended. Doing it wasn't required in this case because the main process had effectively nothing further to do, but it's the canonical way to retrieve results from  — probably because it would allow the main process to concurrently perform other tasks, if it had any to do.   Here's what prints showing there are now no repetitions: ",1.0,0,74,1,1,1,1
523,Test if a digit occurs 'x' amount of times with a regular expression,"Is it possible to write an regular expression which checks if a given digit occurs x amount of times? I am trying to use the following code to determine if in a given string (of 16 digits), there are at least more than one digits apparent. For example if there is only one digit 16 times, then there cannot be two different digits.  The whole function is:  The call and output is:  Expected output is 'true'. I would appreciate any help / guidance.  Thank you p.s. Another variation of the regex I'm trying is: ","Test for if the string contains only a single digit by capturing  at the beginning, and backreferencing that capture group until reaching the end of the string. Then negate that test to see if the string contains any other digits:       If you can't count on the input being a number, and you need to validate that as well (""a numeric string which contains at least two different digits""), then the test will have to be a bit more complicated: match and capture a digit, then match more digits, and eventually match one which is not the same as the captured digit by putting negative lookahead before it:      ",,1,60,1,0,1,1
524,Laravel Validator multiple unique rules for different tables,I'm using  rules for multiple  parameters in the  with their respective tables.  The column that's storing email for both tables is name . When I send value for  I encounter following error.  My Question is that how can I specify the actual column name for both rules? Environment:  Laravel 5.8  ,You can pass it after  and  rules ,,0,37,1,0,1,1
525,Can I prerender Angular and fall back to SSR from S3?,"I have an Angular app that is currently server-side rendered by .Net Core. I want to change my build process to prerender almost all of my site and push all the static files to an Amazon S3 bucket and point my domain name there instead. However, I cannot prerender all of my website (at least not yet). I found how I can return my index.html for any pages which are not prerendered and don't exist in the S3 bucket, which will allow me to client-side render the page, but I want to take it a step further and server-side render the page on-the-fly. Is there a way I can use the S3 site as a reverse proxy that will fetch the SSR page from my .Net Core site if the prerendered version does not exist? Update: Just to be clear, the S3 bucket will be for a CloudFront CDN, so setting up a proxy in front of the S3 bucket probably isn't an option. Update 2: I found I can deliver dynamic content via CloudFront, but I don't want everything to be dynamic. I want any static content (like my prerendered pages) to be served from a cheap S3 bucket and only serve dynamic content from my more expensive EC2 instance if the static version doesn't exist.","The short answer is No. You cannot use S3 as a reverse proxy to fetch the missing objects from another source.  But, if your static content can easily be identified by path, you could create two origins in CloudFront, one for static and one for dynamic content, and serve them using different behavior/path pattern combination for each origin: S3 bucket for your static content and maybe a custom origin for your dynamic content (hosted on EC2). You may also want to look at CloudFront Origin Failover, although it's designed for supporting high availability scenarios it may accomodate your use case. You would also need two origins, primary and failover (for static & dynamic content). See more information here:  https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudFront/latest/DeveloperGuide/high_availability_origin_failover.html",,2,301,1,4,0,0
526,Grouping multiple rows into one string postgres for each position in select,I have a table  that has a column . For each of the rows in the table I want to find 3 most similar universities from the table.  Here is my query that finds 3 most similar universities to a given input:  It works fine. But now I would like to modify this query so that I get two columns and a row for each existing university in the table: the first column would be the university name and the second would be the three most similar universities found in the database (or if its easier - four columns where the first is the university and the next 3 are the most similar ones).  What should this statement look like?,You could use an inline aggregated query:  This assumes that a given university may occur more than once in the education table (hence the need for a cte).,,0,40,1,0,1,1
527,Innerhtml dynamic image loading not working,"I have an image   and a button   I am trying to load img inside a div on button click, like the follows:  But it is not working. How can I do that?",,,0,1092,5,1,1,1
528,How do i make a TabPane fill its parent?,"My TabPane only seems to fill it's width horizontally, but not vertically. My workaround for now is to do this:  But if i use that height it's obviously larger than the area that actually remains for it (theres a MenuBar above the TabPane). (Or does it adjust it's size properly?) It also kinda feels wrong, there got to be simple boolean i can set, since it behaves exactly as expected for horizontal changes. The Scene is setup like this:  Ofcourse there is some more code, but it only contains drag'n'drop related listeners, and this problem occurs way before any of them ever did anything (they print to console everytime they do something). The Tab setup:  Which is from How to drag and drop tab nodes between tab panes",,1.0,3,6815,8,1,1,1
529,Match first letter of a string in Tcl,"I want to compare the first letter of a string with a known character. For example, I want to check if the string ""example""'s first letter matches with ""e"" or not. I'm sure there must be a very simple way to do it, but I could not find it.",,,0,3763,0,2,0,1
530,jQuery: Making a Plugin Wait Until Existing Calls Are Done To Execute?,"I should begin by saying that, while I'm pretty familiar with basic JavaScript/jQuery, I'm by no means an expert. So this could be a simple concept I'm not grasping. At any rate, I'll explain my situation as best I can. I have been piecing together a jQuery plugin that takes a string and displays it one character at a time until the end of the string has been reached. Each call starts and stops on an interval as needed until done:  One thing I've noticed is that using the plugin back to back causes problems:  I determined pretty quickly that the issue is just that characters are being added to the same element, and that the plugin isn't doing anything ""wrong."" But, as you can imagine I'd like to prevent this from happening. In order to do that, I'd need to cause any secondary calls to the plugin to wait until the previous ones were finished. Any suggestions as to how I'd go about this?","This is a great application for jQuery's Deferred() objects. Deferreds let you start a function, then chain additional calls after that function completes (the $.ajax() function uses Deferreds internally). In this case, you can queue up a new Deferred each time you call $().writeText(), and make them call your internal function in order:  Working JSFiddle: http://jsfiddle.net/bt5tee3r/3/",,0,67,0,2,1,1
531,loop through WebView and wait for onPageFinished to complete,"i have a problem looping through WebView waiting for the WebView to load completely, fill the form of the webPage with a javascript function, and then create a image of the webView.  Now i need to wait for getHtmlFromWebView to complete execution before pass to the other WebView, i need to create a screen of the WebView and save it like an image  I tried putting  after loadUrl and tried to notify it at the end of getHtmlFromWebView but obviously it doesn't work. What can i do to wait for the getHtmlFromWebView to complete before the FOR loop goes to the next item? Thank You :)",I don't think a  loop is needed for your requirement. You can use  functions. Try this ,,0,1298,0,2,1,1
532,How do I get the stored procedure result set into temp table without creating temp Table,How do I get the stored procedure result set into temp table without creating temp Table. Also I did not use Openrowset command.Please help.I want like this  ,Here is the syntax to use in order to insert result of a stored procedure into a temp table:  Hope this will help you.,,2,2556,0,2,1,1
533,tabcontrol selectionchanged event -- e.source issue,"I am new to WPF, and I want to do something when a user switches between my tabcontrol items. As expected, I had the issue of firing the selectionchanged event multiple times, then I read this post:  In C# WPF, why is my TabControl's SelectionChanged event firing too often?,  and I don't like the first solution which requires too many extra code for handling event for each selectors in the application. Hence, I tried the solution in this post: TabControl's SelectionChanged event issue,  but I got a new issue that I couldn't find any related post in stackoverflow. The problem I have is that the following code doesn't return true:  neither this one:  When I hover on the e.Source in debug mode, it shows as  {System.Windows.Controls.TabControl Items.Count:5} and if I tried to view it in WPF Tree Visualizer, it tells me that it is the TabControl that I expected for. So my question is, why it doesn't return true since it is a TabControl? Here is my code for SelectionChanged: ","You have to convert e.source from an Object to a FrameworkElement, and then compare the types. ",1.0,0,1164,1,2,1,1
534,MVC Json FullCalendar,"I am having a general problem, I used a other guys base to finally get this working and got it working with my database, however when I try to convert it to my project I get an error here is my code: So I have an index page in the View am using ID Calendar... I also have an Action inside controller other than Index called -   I have checked and copied that code from my other project ( which works great btw ) so I know the names are all 100% correct.  This is the Error I get:   The parameters dictionary contains a null   entry for parameter 'start' of non-nullable type 'System.Double' for   method 'System.Web.Mvc.ActionResult GetEvents(Double, Double)' in   'PropertyManager.Areas.Tenant.Controllers.EventController'. An   optional parameter must be a reference type, a nullable type, or be   declared as an optional parameter. Parameter name: parameters  I honestly am not sure how to fix as in the other project I dont call it with parameters either. However I do notice in Chrome when I go network view I see start & end and its correct dates etc. They just arent getting passed properly into the controller what should I do ?","By default, event as a json feed passes  and  parameters in ISO8601 format:  The values of these parameters will be ISO8601 date strings (like 2013-12-01).   What you can do to make this work in unix format is on your client side, replace the  property in AJAX call to the following code (events (as a function)): ",,0,750,1,2,1,1
535,SignalR client misses some events at a regular interval,"I have a straightforward SignalR setup: OWIN-hosted .NET server and JavaScript client (both @ v2.1.1). The client uses SignalR to synchronize its copy of an ordered event stream maintained in an Rx  on the server. When a client connects, it provides a  query parameter that is used to initialize an  against the , and this observer then sends each event in the observed sequence to the client. Each event has a sequence number, and the client can tell, based on the event sequence number, if any event is missing in the sequence. (Which would be a serious problem in this application.) The problem is that the client regularly receives only portions of the event sequence. In fact, there is a regular pattern to this. For every 250 events there is a large gap. So for example, each test shows that the first gap was from somewhere between 70 and 80 to 250. Why always 250? And from there on, the ""skip-to"" point is always in intervals of 250; e.g., a gap from 263 to 500, then one from 511 to 750, etc.. I have to assume that this is some kind of default buffer size. Also, the first time a client connects to the server it always receives the entire sequence just fine. It's the subsequent connections that exhibit the regular skipping problem. So it seems like it's a server-side problem, and not a client problem at all. I then added some checks to the server to ensure that the  for each client is seeing all of the events in the correct order. It is. So it seems almost certain that the problem is on the SignalR server side and has nothing to do with Rx. And finally, I checked to see if the dropped messages were perhaps just being delivered out of order (which I could live with, although I assumed SignalR provides an ordered-delivery guarantee). They are not - the messages just disappear into a void. If it helps, I'm currently running locally, with IIS Express on Win 8.1 x64 and testing on IE Developer Channel as well as Chrome 36. The connection is using WebSockets. I couldn't find any reference to 250 as a special quantity in either the SignalR source (client or server) or the Rx.Net source. Any suggestions on troubleshooting? I'd love to find a stable solution before I start building a complicated workaround. Here's the relevant server-side code: ","The issue you are experiencing seems consistent with a message buffer overflow. When SignalR releases messages from its buffer, it does so in 250 message fragments by default. SignalR will buffer at least the last 1000 messages sent to a given . This means that when you send the 1251st message, the first 250 get dereferenced by the buffer. This explains why when a client first connects to the server, it receives the entire sequence of messages. You have to send at least 1251 messages to a given client before the buffer will drop fragments. Again, this is all assuming default settings. While you could increase the DefaultMessageBufferSize, that probably will not fix your root problem. It seems that you are trying to send messages faster than the server can send them to the client. If you do that continuously, you will run out of buffer space no matter the size. It's more common to reduce the DefaultMessageBufferSize rather than increase it, since the buffers can consume a lot of memory, especially if you are sending a lot of large unique messages to many different clients. Your best bet to avoid overrunning the buffer is to have the client send an ACK at least every 1000 messages. Given this, it might be possible to avoid sending over 1000 unACKed messages thereby avoiding this problem altogether. By the way, you can take a look at SignalR's message buffer implementation yourself if you feel so inclined. Note that the capacity constructor argument is the DefaultMessageBufferSize.",2.0,2,712,3,2,1,1
536,Parse iOS SDK + Cloud Code: How to update user,"I am confused on how to update a user from cloud code. If someone can help me out with getting my mind right about this I'd appreciate it.  The cloud code I will use for this example is: cloud code  called from iOS  Questions  1) is the ""new"" in the code above creating a ""brand new"" user, or is it ""grabbing"" an existing user at the  so that it can be updated on ? 2) if the latter is correct, than is it possible to ""grab"" a user from a column other than the  column, and maybe instead grab from the  column? eg:  ","This line:  Creates an instance of an object with a known ID, it only works with . Any changes you make to that object are persisted, but no other data is changed (e.g. you won't accidentally blank out the other columns). If instead you wanted to get a user by email you would have to do a query: ",,1,1660,3,2,1,1
537,External Storage Permission Issue with MediaProvider / Ring Tones,"Some of my users have reported to Google Play the following error when trying to select a ringtone in my app. (there's more to it, but it's not relevant)  I assume this issue is happening due to certain tones that are on external storage. I don't want to include the  permission in my app unless I absolutely have to. Is there a way to circumvent the issue and just exclude any tones that may be on the external storage? Note: I'm getting ringtones with  and convert them between  and . No other code is touching the user's media. Also, I do not have a line number since the stacktrace is from obfuscated code and re-mapping the stack trace did not provide line number.","Just had the same problem and came up with the following solution:  To get the Uri of a ringtone you need to combine the  with the  column value, you can do this by using  class: ",3.0,5,6239,3,2,1,1
538,how to combine FrameWork2.0 in my installation?,i want to distribute my C# program and i want to combine  FrameWork2.0 in my installation. how i can do it - without download FW2.0 from the Web ? i need that the FW2.0 will be part of my installation and when the customer will install the program - the FW2.0 will be install (without internet) thank's in advance," Open your setup project properties. Click on the Prerequisites button. Choose ""Download prerequisites from the same location as my application"". Click Ok. Rebuild the project.  Now the Framework 2.0 with other dependent packages should be created along with the setup in your project output folder.",,0,70,1,6,0,0
539,Custom Flex/ActionScript UIComponent Keeps Getting Painted Multiple Times During a Resize,"I've created a custom uicomponent and whenever the browser or its specific container is resized, a repaint occurs but the contents of the component get drawn again and again and again... So, if I move the container I'll end up with multiple circles drawn on top of each other but offset depending upon where the container is when the repaint occurs. My updateDisplayList code is below. Do I need to do some sort of clear so that it doesn't contiuously getting duplicated like this??? Thanks so much for any help! ","Read up on the Flex component lifecycle.  A lot of things may execute invalidateDisplayList() thereby causing updateDisplayList to be re-execute during the next render event.   The problem I see here is that you are creating new baseCircle, outerCircle, and innerCircle each time.  Rather, you should be creating one of each instance and updating it when updateDisplayList() runs.   I'd probably make your instances of innerCircle, outerCircle, and baseCircle variables on the current component.  In createChildren() you can add them as children on the component.  In updateDisplayList you can do the relevant drawing.  ",,0,676,1,6,1,0
540,asp.net Setting up email,"Alas, my experience has reached an end and request help. So far I've followed the instructions from this article http://www.4guysfromrolla.com/webtech/080801-1.shtml . My only problem is It compiles fine but no email arrives. I have a feeling it's for obvious reasons which escape me.  This is my aspx.vb page.................................................................................................................  .......................................................................................................................................................... my aspx page contains the following ...w/o the parenthesis () The web.config file is as follows(unfortunately it won't display with greater than less than symbols.  The people at godaddy.com told me that the only information I needed was the relayServer host name which is relay-hosting.secureserver.net and username and password weren't required.  Thanks for any help","I think that is your problem.  Change the mail server port from port 80 to port 25 in the web.config Try using this block of code:  Here is the thread and some other examples as well.  It also sounds like there is a godaddy setting somewhere, but I don't remember having to change anything on my end. http://forums.asp.net/t/939893.aspx",,1,1213,2,6,1,1
541,when to prefer pessimistic model of transaction isolation over optimistic one?,"Do I understand correctly that table/row lock hints are being used for pessimistic transaction (TX) isolation models of concurrency ONLY? In other words, when can table/row lock hints be used during engagement of optimistic TX isolation provided by SQL Server (2005 and higher)?      When one would need pessimistic TX isolation levels/hints in SQL Server2005+ if the later provides built-in optimistic (aka snapshot aka versioning) concurrency isolation? I did read that pessimistic options are legacy and are not needed anymore, though I am in doubt.   Also, having optimistic (aka snapshot aka versioning) TX isolation levels  built-in SQL Server2005+,  when one would need to manually code for optimistic concurrency  features?   The last question is inspired by having read:    ""Optimistic Concurrency in SQL Server"" (September 28, 2007)  describing custom coding to provide versioning in SQL Server.  ","Optimistic concurrency requires more resources and is more expensive when the conflict occurs. Two sessions can read and modify the values and the conflict only occurs when they try to apply their changes simultaneously. This means that in case of the concurrent update both values should be stored somewhere (which of course requires resources). Also, when a conflict occurs, usually the whole transaction should be rolled back or the cursor refetched, which is expensive too. Pessimistic concurrency model uses locking, thus downgrading concurrency but improving performance. In case of two concurrent tasks, it may be cheaper for the second task to wait for a lock to release than spending  time and disk  on two simultaneous works and then yet more on rolling back the less fortunate work and redoing it. Say, you have a query like this:  , with  reading some data from  itself. In other words, this query transforms a subset of  sharing the value of . Now, when two functions work on the same range, there may be two scenarios:  Pessimistic: the first query locks, the second query waits for it. The first query completes in  seconds, the second one does too. Total:  seconds. Optimistic: both queries work independently (on the same input). This shares  time between them plus some overhead on switching. They should keep their intermediate data somewhere, so the data is stored twice (which implies twice  or memory). Let's say both complete almost at the same time, in seconds. But when it's time to commit the work, the second query will conflict and will have to rollback its changes (say, it takes the same  seconds). Then it needs to reread the data again and do the work again, with the new set of data ( seconds). As a result, both queries complete later than with a pessimistic locking:  and  seconds vs.  and .   When one would need pessimistic TX isolation levels/hints in SQL Server2005+ if the later provides built-in optimistic (aka snapshot aka versioning) concurrency isolation?  Optimistic isolation levels are, well, optimistic. You should not use them when you expect high contention on your data. BTW, optimistic isolation (for the read queries) was available in  too.",,1,1159,5,6,0,1
542,Using Python's re to swap case,I'm using the re library to normalize some text. One of the things I want to do is replace all uppercase letters in a string with their lower case equivalents. What is the easiest way to do this?, There is also a swapcase method if you want that. See: http://docs.python.org/library/stdtypes.html#string-methods,,2,872,8,6,0,1
543,NSDate get a specific day of the week?,I hope this is just a learning curve I'm going through. I create an arbitrary date.  I want to find the Saturday following the third Friday.  And the output: Date: 2010-11-01 05:00:00 GMT Date: 2010-11-01 05:00:00 GMT Why?  How can I fix this?,Change the components to:   This works:  Hope this helps.,,1,1520,2,7,1,1
544,Generate / create mdump files for in my app,"Im looking for a way to generate minidump files in my applications simular to what ProcDump does but prefarably with code and not having to extract a 3dparty tool to do it. The main reasons for not wanting to use ProcDump is: 1) Size of the binary would increase greatly ( This is a problem because my apps are freeware, and bandwith is not free). 2) Feels dirty. 3) No way i can port that app to run inn windows mobile. My requirements are: 1) Ability to generate mdump files in a fatale crash. 2) Abilityt to do ""pause"" the app do a dump, and contiune would be a bonus.  If this is not realy a option, is there a way to get the values of local varibales in the current context dynamicly? Side note: I did find this article, but its very old so i so im hesitant to base my work of it. There seems to either be a issue with IE 9 or with the site, so i had problems with tags.","So there is one solution that comes to mind and meets the following goals:  Size of the binary would increase by around 300k Ability to generate mdump files in a fatale crash. Ability to do ""pause"" the app do a dump, and contiune would be a bonus  I'll give this requirement a complete unknown:  No way i can port that app to run inn windows mobile.  So what's the solution? Integrate the required parts you need from the Microsoft Sample for MDbg.exe to provide you with a 'just-in-time' debugger that attaches, dumps, and detaches from the crashing process. Step 1 - Start by downloading the source code to the mdbg from here: http://www.microsoft.com/downloads/en/details.aspx?FamilyID=38449a42-6b7a-4e28-80ce-c55645ab1310&DisplayLang=en Step 2 - Create a 'crash' handler that spawns a debugger process and waits for completion.  I used the following few lines of code to re-launch the same exe with a few extra arguments to invoke the debugger and output an xml file to std::out.  Step 3 - Write the debug dump routine, this can be in the same exe or in a different exe.  You will need to reference (or include the source from) the 'raw', 'corapi', and 'mdbgeng' modules from the sample.  Then add a few lines to your Main():  Example Output  Since you have the full power of a debugger there is nothing stopping you from writing as much or as little as you like, but the above example should get you started. UPDATE This works with the .Net 2.0 and/or 3.5 runtime without any further dependencies. This can debug .Net 2.0/3.5 code running in a .Net 4.0 process; however, it does not work with 4.0 (yet).   For 4.0 CLR see this post: http://blogs.msdn.com/b/rmbyers/archive/2008/10/27/icordebug-re-architecture-in-clr-4-0.aspx",6.0,8,1134,6,7,0,1
545,using group() breaks getSelectCountSql in magento,"When I'm using   or   It breaks getSelectCountSql and I'm getting 1 record and 1 page. Magento does   Is there a way to fix it? I run into it,While overriding _prepareCollection of Mage_Adminhtml_Block_Catalog_Product_Grid Thanks",I updated the lib/Varien/Data/Collection/Db.php file to allow this as I had to have it work. You'll have to keep track of this for upgrades but it works.   ,11.0,8,10074,29,7,1,1
546,Regex Until But Not Including,For regex what is the syntax for search until but not including? Kinda like: ,"The explicit way of saying ""search until  but not including "" is:  where  can be any regular expression.  In your case, though, this might be overkill - here the easiest way would be   This will match anything except  and therefore stop right before the next . So  will match .  However, as soon as you have more than one simple letter to look out for,  comes into play, for example  - match anything until the start of the word .  This is using a lookahead assertion, more specifically a negative lookahead.   will match . Explanation:  Furthermore, when searching for keywords, you might want to surround them with word boundary anchors:  will only match the complete word  but not the fox in . Note  If the text to be matched can also include linebreaks, you will need to set the ""dot matches all"" option of your regex engine. Usually, you can achieve that by prepending  to the regex, but that doesn't work in all regex engines (notably JavaScript). Alternative solution: In many cases, you can also use a simpler, more readable solution that uses a lazy quantifier. By adding a  to the  quantifier, it will try to match as few characters as possible from the current position:  will match any number of characters, stopping right before  (which can be any regex) or the end of the string (if  doesn't match). You may also need to set the ""dot matches all"" option for this to work. (Note: I added a non-capturing group around  in order to reliably isolate it from the alternation)",44.0,78,97071,157,8,1,1
547,C# regex help - validating input,I need to validate that the user entered text in the format:   ####-#####-####-###  Can I do this using Regex.Match?,I would do something like this: ,,5,335,7,9,0,1
548,Error starting JobHistoryServer on Cloudera Manager,I installed Cloudera Manager 5.13.  While installing and running for the first time YARN.. I had the following error  [.... and other rows of Stack exception errors] So basically the problem is the permission of the HDFS folders.  Something like:   will fix the error.  But my question is... Wouldn't be unsafe? Why Cloudera doesn't handle this permissions?,"Actually, the Job History server would be owned by  and if you want to see the exact permissions you should refer to: Deploying MapReduce v2 (YARN) on a Cluster - Step 8: Create the history Directory and Set Permissions  This is a subdirectory of the staging directory you configured in Step 4. In this example we're using /user/history. Create it and set permissions as follows:  ",,0,1588,6,0,1,1
549,What is the benefit to using typing library classes vs. types in Python type hints?,"I'm starting to learn type hints in Python to ease the future porting of code from Python to C. I am wondering what the difference is, if any, between using types directly in type hints vs. using the classes defined in the  module. For example, the difference between  and  It seems like some classes like , , , and  would be useful, but the utility of classes for data types that already exist as keywords in python is unclear to me.","It's useful for writing annotations that can be legally evaluated;  will explode if you try to actually run it, while  returns a new generic type that knows the type of both container and contents. This is particularly important in the case of type aliases, where a specialized version of a generic is defined at the top level, then reused as annotation further on:  is legal, while:  blows up in your face. You'll note that non-container/generic types typically don't have a  type (exceptions like  are for porting concerns), because type aliases would only use them as ""leaf"" type, not root or branch types.",,2,609,8,0,1,1
550,lombok.javac.apt.LombokProcessor could not be initialized,my question somewhat relates to this post: Gradle build fails on Lombok annotated classes I am using jhipster and lombok 1.16.18 with a build.gradle as follows  but get the following error during compileJava:  What am I missing here?,"Output of  shows that you are using JDK 9 which is not supported by JHipster 4.10.2, please use JDK 8. Same for Lombok. ",,11,15056,11,0,1,1
551,how can i modify regex to match all urls on page,"I nave an regex for search a simple url: https://regex101.com/r/UmMEMl/1/ It matches a simple url in the text. How can i modify this regex to match ALL urls in the text?  I'm not so good in regexes, so could somebody please take a look","In your example you didnt put flag.  Add the 'g' flag for 'global' (meaning the regex dont stop at the first match)  add the 'm' flag for multiline search meaning start and end anchor (^ and $) match start and end of line instead of the whole text.   https://regex101.com/r/UmMEMl/2 Edit:  your original regex was   and you need    (notice the two letters at the end, its the flags) Edit2 you can shorten your regex  Note that  can be written  and that's what i did shortened with your ",,-2,98,-1,0,0,1
552,Numpy array in array with unequal length,I am wondering how to create a numpy array in a numpy array. Each array in the main array should be able to have a different length. The main array should be the index number to the array object inside. I already have an example of this type of array but I want to re-create something similar. Example: ,"You need to create an array with , so that numpy knows to treat each entry as a Python object rather than treating the entire nested list as a single array. For example: ",,0,1699,0,1,1,1
553,Displaying multiple Select Values into an alert?,"I'm still a beginner hence this is difficult, but how do I display the options I selected into an alert box. So it would be ""You selected (value), (value), (value)"". This is my select list       Should I add a button. But what I'm struggling with is the javascript.","The easiest way to access selected elements of a select tag is with the ""selectedOptions"" property. I would do it this way: ",,0,653,0,1,1,1
554,PHP session authentication for login,"My website navigation bar should change accordingly to the session before and after login. However, the session is not working as it displays both login and logout menu, here's my php login code:  HTML (including login and registration drop down menu):  I am new to both php and html, is it because of the wrong echo tag?","If it's outputting both the  and  conditions, probably it's not interpreting it as php. Instead of redirecting to an HTML file, try a php file ()",,-2,185,0,1,1,1
555,"Why cant we use clone method in class without implementing clonable as even though base class object has ""clone()"" method?","I was trying to override clone method in my class ""Employee"", when super.clone() was called, it gave exception but same code worked when I implemented ""clonable"". What my question is, every class has base class ""Object"". But when we call  super.clone() it fails and on implementing clonable it works. why is it so? Like shouldn't base class method can be accessible using ""super"" from subclass? why does it throws runtime exception? ","Check out stackoverflow answer:  The implementation of clone() in Object checks if the actual class   implements Cloneable, and creates an instance of that actual class. So if you want to make your class cloneable, you have to implement   Cloneable and downcast the result of super.clone() to your class.   Another burden is that the call to super.clone() can throw a   CloneNotSupportedException that you have to catch, even though you   know it won't happen (since your class implements Cloneable). The Cloneable interface and the clone method on the Object class are   an obvious case of object-oriented design gone wrong. ",0.0,-1,624,1,1,1,0
556,How to get when user change the screen resolution in Adobe AIR?,"I can get screens resolution when my application starts, but can I know when the user has changed the resolution? Something like a event (example):  I've tried using a  to monitor the resolution, but is this the best way to do this? ","As far as I know, polling (what you're currently doing) is the only way in AS3 to detect screen resolution changes.   However, if you are in a maximized or fullscreen window, the window (or stage if set to NO_SCALE) will fire a resize event on a resolution change.  (see the answer from Diniden).  Though I'd recommend listening on the  object instead of stage itself.  I'd say that you are doing it a perfectly acceptable way currently.  Keep in mind though, that if this is a desktop application, the user could have your program on a monitor that is not the primary one ().  To support that scenario, you'd want to do something like the following:  Now you can listen for that event in other parts of your application. ",,1,183,1,1,1,1
557,Java: Get delimeters in a string in the same order it appeared,"I am planning to split a string which is composed of numbers and operators (eg. +,-,*,/) and store the numbers in an array and also store the operators in an array. I have managed to get the numbers and store them in an array with this code   Which outputs:  58.5 98 78 96 78.7 3443 12 3  What I want to do/have is get the delimiters in the same order they appeared on the string, like this:  + * / / - * -  I know this has something to do with regex but I am having a hard time implementing it. Thank you for the help.",For something quick and dirty you can split using the negated regex and ignore/remove the empty strings. ,,0,31,1,1,1,1
558,How to change text in a simple expand jQuery?,"How can I change the text of [+ Add] when I click on expand and show this [X Cancel] But to get to the idea, what I want to achieve is what I show in the next two images.          ",You can use this and ternary operator to achieve that.        ,,2,59,1,1,1,1
559,Scala compiler output after cleanup phase,"I would like to develop a tool that post-processes a scala program once all the heavy lifting has been completed by the Scala compiler. From what I understand the different phases of the Scala compiler incrementally simplify the program in terms of its syntactic sugars and advanced features like lambdas, closures, pattern-matching etc. However, I notice that what comes out of the so-called cleanup phase - which is the last phase before code-generation - looks like scala but it is not really scala.  Does anyone know personally or can point me to a resource that can help me understand the language that comes out of the cleanup phase ?  To give you an example, in the output of the cleanup phase I see things like:  My hypothesis is that this is the result of translating pattern matching but it does not look like valid scala syntax as far as I understand (I am not an experienced Scala developer at all!). I guess it all comes down to this: is it possible to convert the output of the cleanup phase to valid - compilable - scala code in general ?","In general, at any stage in the scalac compiler (even right after parsing), the internal representation used by the compiler is not valid Scala code anymore. That is essentially because of the existence of labels and gotos, which you discovered. A structure of the form  is a label definition, and a call of the form  is a jump to that label, assigning the  to the . Labels and gotos are used by scalac (and dotc, but with a different representation) to represent  and  loops (immediately after parsing), the translation of es and the tail-recursive-optimized functions. In general, there is no way to go back from the internal representation to valid Scala code, especially so far in the pipeline as after .",1.0,3,82,1,1,1,1
560,How to get response from another site in laravel controller,I want to create API in laravel which gives data return. I want to get data from this link into my laravel controller.,This can be done by pulling in guzzle.  Try: https://github.com/guzzle/guzzle  Hope this helps you!!,,1,784,1,1,0,1
561,Pointer to a void * function C++,I am trying to call pointer to a  function inside the main method and the compiler is saying .  function is actually an argument to  function. That's why it is  function. How can I create a function pointer to a  function? ," How can I create a function pointer to a void * function?    is not a member function, but it's a static function.  So your  should be as follows:  Note that  is declared with static, meaning that it's no longer a member function to .  Static members of a class are not associated with the objects of the class.  So using  to cull non-member functions is incorrect. If you're allowed to use a compiler that supports C++11, you don't even need to manually deduct its type anymore, using decltype:  FYI, since  does not have its definition, you might encounter a linkage error. To prevent that, I assumed that there's some implementation inside: ",,2,743,2,1,1,1
562,SSIS reading from Record set instead of Database,I'm doing some data migration of a large amount of data in which I need to perform some data matching in order to identify the operation that needs to be done on the record. For that What I'm currently doing is to read the data from the source and then match the records using a SQL Command - so that I need to hit the Database twice for each record. So Will it improve the performance if I read the data to a recordset and then match the values inside that ? I'm reading from SQL Server 2008 R2,1) using Look up transformation is one efficient way of merging records ex:  2) Use merge procedures ex:  ,,0,62,2,1,0,1
563,MySQL calculate delta (difference) from previous upload day data for next 6 months,"I need to run a query which will:  Calculate the ""Δ"" which is the different between the previous day report and the current, for example: 23 Nov, value is 10 and 22 Nov is 9, so Δ = +1, increased by one  And do so on for all days up to 6 months from previous day  Data   Required Result  I know I can calculate by running another query inside loop after getting rows for a date. But I want to calculate in a single query. Data is very large, millions of records and growing on daily basis.  I want to optimize the query as much as possible as it's bottleneck for the system and system gets stuck while running each query for each row. Basically I can't do anything while currently calculating by each row.",A single query would be something like this. I hope there is an index on  and  columns: ,,0,549,2,1,1,1
564,ImageMagick no encode delegate,I used to be able to convert text to an image using ImageMagick but now I get this error message:  ImageMagick was installed using Homebrew ,"In IM 7, convert is replaced by magick. You also have not specified an output image format for ""file"". Try this:  or   That works for me on IM 7.0.7.10 Q16 Mac OSX What do you get from   Does it include freetype? If not, then you probably need to install Freetype with ImageMagick via Homebrew",,2,656,3,1,1,1
565,Dataframe group by numerical column and then combine with the original dataframe,"I have a pandas data frame and I would like to first group by one of the columns and calculate mean of count of each group of that column. Then, I would like to combine this grouped entity with the original data frame. An example:  Group by along column b and taking mean of orders  End result:  I know I can group by on  and then, do a inner join on , but, I feel like it can be done in much cleaner/one-liner way. Is it possible to do better than that?",This is   ,,0,22,1,0,1,1
566,Prevent javascript from evaluating object property first,"I am creating a game of chess and have this line of code:  What it does, is check if  is false, and if it is, continue and set  to true. As @Klaycon said, it reads it like this:  And that is when I get an invalid left-hand side assignment. I know I could replace it with an if statement but I was wondering if there was something else I could do to fix it.","Just add some parenthesis. The outer ones are not necessary.  An even shorter approach uses an logical OR without a logical NOT for the first part.  But anyway, you could assign  without check, if the value is a boolean. ",,0,42,1,0,1,1
567,HTML How to switch through pages inside single file,"I am making a webpage. I created a button, which you click to get to another page. Problem: I have to recreate the .HTML file and load it with  but contact.html is just index.html with contact details. So could I make a button that loads the new page without creating many .html files that display more text source: https://github.com/4u7157/4u7157.github.io ",You could use bootstrap and do this:      ,,0,21,1,3,1,1
568,"Django, attributes of get and filter queryset method","This may be possible duplication of question (https://stackoverflow.com/a/46439518/10515390) which says, get() returns an object that matches lookup criterion. filter() returns a QuerySet that matches lookup criterion. Consider below model,  When I try to query the authors list based on specific Entry objects got error as  attached below  Why don't the filter queryset have no attribute 'authors' ?","Because it’s a set of models, not a model (even if there’s only one model in there). You need to extract it out of the queryset by iteration or slicing. If you’re only interested in one instance then just stick to objects.get(). Objects.filter is used for querying more than one object. Note: .all() just gets everything from db and using it on already filtered queryset just brings you the same thing.",,0,12,1,1,1,0
569,Problem with Springer latex template SVJour3 f,"my springer manuscript works fine on overleaf, but when building pdf for review submission I get errors. I don't know how to fix this. Could you please help me? ''''  '''' My log file https://1drv.ms/b/s!Ajv_KLtup0whaZa_nx-6MCIkpo0","There is a forbidden character on page 7 in the sentence  The fi in ""specifies"" is a ligature which is not allowed in pdflatex. Delete it and retype it as ",,0,79,1,0,1,1
570,Duplicated characters in dict,"I did this code:    The problem is with words that contains more than one egual character like ""finishing"" that has 2 ""n"" characters, so in the dict, only 1 ""n"" will be added how can I solve this?","This will do the trick for you: (I also tweaked the  loop, where you were iterating over combinations - just to keep it pythonish ;) )  Consider function  - the most important improvement. It essentially leverages the fact that   can also take 3rd argument, which in essence defines number of replacements to be done - just to replace  one at a time.",,0,47,1,0,1,1
571,Salesforce REST API upsert not updating or inserting a record,I am trying to update and insert Contacts using the external ID and patch method with the REST API. If I try to use an existing record I just get back the record JSON and nothing gets updated. If I use an none existent external ID I get an error:  Authentication works as I can make GET calls and get back the data fine. I am not sure where to go from here. Any leads will be appreciated. ,"Does connecting user have right to see/edit the  and is the field really marked as ext id? What if you'd try to make similar operation in Data Loader or even the REST call in Workbench -> REST API Explorer? Your request looks OK, you can compare with abomination I made in https://salesforce.stackexchange.com/a/274696/799. It's for upserting to multiple tables in one all-or-nothing operation, without wasting many API calls.",,0,175,1,10,1,1
572,How to create a trigger to send email,I am trying to create a trigger in SQL to send email to specific addresses. The outline is:  I have created a  that  returns an alert column indicating 1 if balance is low or 0 if it is not. I need to create a  that if alert column is 1 it sends an email. The  and  need to be executed once a week.  What could be the best way to accomplish this? Any guidelines would be helpful. I am using a Firebird database.,"While the database engine may initiate e-mail sending it should never do the sending itself. Only some short (quick) and error-free actions should be done within the database server. There should be another application/service/daemon running, which should be doing the e-mails based on the data prepared in SQL realm. The question is when this sender application should be triggered. The database-agnostic way would be polling the database by scheduled time intervals, which traditionally nicknamed as ""cron"" actions, mentioned by Rajiv Shah. Once a minute or once a second or once an hour - by your choice. A Firebird-specific way would be using  command. It can be used instead of time-based polling or together with. Here is the example:  https://firebirdsql.org/file/documentation/reference_manuals/fblangref25-en/html/fblangref25-psql-coding.html#fblangref25-psql-postevent How your program would subscribe to those events would be dependent upon programming language and Firebird-accessing library. As far as i understand PHP would probably fit poorly there, as it is more tailored to run short scripts by daemons' requests, rather than being a continuously running daemon itself. Though perhaps PHP gurus can have it both ways. I also don't know if PHP has support for the Firebird events, it does not seem to be a priority for scripting language. You can read more about Events by googling for , among many links there will be for example those:  Is it possible to use arguments with firebird events :  POST_EVENT 'event_name' + string args? https://mikejustin.wordpress.com/2012/11/06/firebird-database-events-and-message-oriented-middleware/ https://www.firebirdsql.org/file/documentation/papers_presentations/Power_Firebird_events.pdf ",,-2,76,1,2,1,1
573,Kendo grid how do i auto-size an excel export row height?,"I have a custom excel output class that I'm using to parse the grid, and in some cases replace the data in the grid with template data.  In this particular instance, the data i want to output is multi-line.  I have it working to that point but the exported sheet is one line high so you can't see lines two thru-seven in the field. desired result:   actual result:  Here's a relevant section of my code.  It's the parsing loop that applies the templates and strips html, but adds line breaks first.  any help would be appreciated.  I would like to either have a setting that makes this ""just work"" or have a way to compute the needed height and set it manually.  Either is fine.","I'm not aware of a way to auto-size it, but you can set row height it via sheets.rows.height:  example found here Updating your code to utilize each  in the template html you can do something like the following: ",,1,62,1,6,1,1
574,Animating the slide in of a form causes visual glitches on landscape iPhones with notches,"I'm have a button to make a settings menu slide in from the left in SwiftUI, everything was working great until I switched from the iPhone SE to the iPhone 11 simulator!  The problem is that using a ZStack to have form overlaid over the interface, and then animating the appearance of that form causes there to be visual glitches where the elements contained inside the rows clip outside the cell width. This clipping occurs at the start of the animation and stays in place once the animation is done.  This does not happen if the animation is disabled, the device is portrait, or for devices that do not have a notch.  Causing the view to redraw by rotating the device or using the ""NO ANIM"" button fixes the glitch until you animated it again. Changing the transition to .opacity works in this case, but .opacity has the same issue in some view structures as well...  I have tried structuring it in a different way where the menu is always there but just offset so it is off the screen, again same problem.  I assume this is a bug in SwiftUI, and so have submitted a bug report. But does anyone have a workaround? Xcode version = 11.5, iOS version = 13.5 ",Explicit row insets solves the issue (tested with Xcode 11.4 / iOS 13.4)  ,,1,37,1,1,1,1
575,ReactJs : How to load react functional components selectively at startup?,"I am trying to load components only when clicked instead of loading all during startup. index.js:  App.js:  My each provider component is making a get call to an endpoint to get data for the component  When I browse the root of my site on http://localhost:3000/, I expect to load only component D, but when I look at the browser network calls I see get calls for all the four components, instead of only loading the component of the route, How do i selectively load components? I have tried react-loadable and React.Lazy but it still makes all the four calls. Any help is greatly appreciated.",The reason all Providers are invoked is because you don't render them within a Route. The correct way to invoke components on specific routes is to render them as Route children and not as Route wrappers ,,0,47,1,2,1,1
576,using powershell invoke-expression to run code output,"I have been doing a lot of reading on invoke-expression (also known as iex) and I'm having trouble getting it to work for me. My understanding is, it will run any powershell code you give to it.  However, when I run my tests on it, it does not run the code. Example:  Now, if I cat(gc) this file and I pass it to , it outputs a bunch of errors. Same thing happens when I save the code into a variable and then feed the variable to .  Neither works. Despite the fact that I've tried numerous examples, I feel there's something minor I'm doing wrong that I'm hoping someone can point out for me. I'm new to Windows scripting, so please bear with me. These are the results of the tests I performed: First Test:  Second Test:  I'm aware that I can just run the file containing the code. However, I need help figuring out how  works and what it is I'm doing wrong. Please kindly advise.","First things first:  should generally be avoided and used only as a last resort, due to its security risks. In short: avoid it, if possible, given that superior alternatives are usually available. If there truly is no alternative, only ever use it on input you either provided yourself or fully trust - see this answer. For the record: in the case at hand, the superior alternative is to directly invoke the script file:    () accepts multiple strings via the pipeline, and evaluates each individually, as a self-contained script. Therefore, you must provide the contents of your script as a whole, as a single string, which is what 's ('s)  switch does[1]:  Alternatively, pass the script-file contents as an argument:  Note that passing the string to evaluate as an argument truly only accepts a single string, so the command would fail without .  [1] By default, the  cmdlet reads a file line by line, passing each line through the pipeline as it is being read.",,1,56,1,0,1,1
577,C++: no matching function for call: why is an empty constructor needed?,"When I try to compile the following code:  I get the following errors:  It seems that a constructor with no argument for the class a is expected. I do not understand why, the only time I create a object of type a, I call the constructor which takes an int as argument. I understand that the solution would be to add  a constructor without arguments for a. But why ? Thank you for your answers, best regards, Jerome","(All ISO Standard references below refer to N4659: March 2017 post-Kona working draft/C++17 DIS)  As per [class.base.init]/9, the  member of , which is of type , is default-initialized, but  defines no default constructor:  In a non-delegating constructor, if a given potentially constructed   subobject is not designated by a mem-initializer-id (including the   case where there is no mem-initializer-list because the constructor   has no ctor-initializer), then  (9.1) if the entity is a non-static data member that has a default member initializer [...] the entity is initialized from its default member initializer as specified in [dcl.init]; (9.2) otherwise, if the entity is an anonymous union or a variant member ([class.union.anon]), no initialization is performed; (9.3) otherwise, the entity is default-initialized.   Here, as  does is not declared along with a default member initializer, [class.base.init]/9.3 applies. The example of [class.base.init]/9 even cover this particular case:  [...] [ Example:  — end example ]  You can resolve it either by providing a default member initializer for , such that [class.base.init]/9.1 applies  or, use a member initializer list in the definition of the constructor of ; , such that [class.base.init]/7 applies:  The expression-list or braced-init-list in a mem-initializer is used   to initialize the designated subobject (or, in the case of a   delegating constructor, the complete class object) according to the   initialization rules of [dcl.init] for direct-initialization.   [ Example:  — end example ] [...]  thus direct-initializing the  member: ",,3,82,1,0,1,1
578,ggplot2 - Show multiple keys (shapes) in size legend,"I have an issue related to displaying legends. I am not even sure it is something I can solve with ggplot, but since I am quite a basic user of R, I am confident it is just my ignorance to speak for me. The Setting I am trying to plot two distinct sets of points from two distinct dataset, over the same sets of aesthetics: x, y, size. The two sets of points change in the vertical nudge with respect to the y axis, and with respect to their shape. The issue The plot comes out as expected (see image below the code). The only thing I have not been able to fix is related to the legends. In particular, I would like to have the size legend to display both the shapes I am using in the chart (in this case, both circles and triangles). Is there any way to do so? I browsed a bit in the internet, but I did not find any question dealing with this issue. Data and Code Here I put the data I am using as a reproducible example (obtained with ).  Notice that  and  are just two subset of . The code of the plot is the followig  The resulting plot is this one.  Any idea, suggestion, or even warning of unfeasibility (if it really so) is more than welcome!",Try this. Basic idea is to duplicate the breaks and the symbols for the size legend. In a second step I adjust the symbols via . Perhaps not perfect but after trying some approaches the best I can come up with.  ,,1,27,1,3,1,1
579,Multivariate Nonlinear Regression without using GEKKO," So, I have three columns of independent varibale ,, and . One dependent variable . I am trying to fit a model to this. I copied the codes from this post, but I get the following error:  Could you help me with this? The model I am trying to fit is . Is there any way to get the Adjusted R-Squared value of the model?","To fix the error and get the results, Line ten of your code needs to be revised as follows: ",,0,23,1,2,1,1
580,Play random sound,"I'm making a discord bot and if I type $join into chat, I want the bot to join the voice channel that I'm in, and play a random sound.  I'm getting this error: ","Have you read the documentation for ? The only OS that  successfully returns data on a directory path is on FreeBSD. Instead, what it appears you're trying to do is grab a list of the files at a directory path; for this you could use : ",,0,36,1,1,1,1
581,JavaScript removeChild input from the dom,"I'm trying to delete the form input posted onto the DOM, but the removeChild code isn't functioning, When inspecting the console I will be given an error which is:       ",For Multiple Values of h6 Best to add id with each new h6 Check on weight and exercise      ,,1,99,1,10,1,1
582,"In an array, display an object only once if it has the same id, but still display other properties","What I would like to achieve is that I want to display s one by one, but no duplicates. So if I have 2 messages from the same John (same ), then I want this John's name to appear only once, because it's the same John with the same . Then once I click on John's name, then I would see 2 messages (hi + hey). We cannot get rid of any objects because the  are different and I still need to display these messages. Is it possible to implement this? I am using Node.js, Mongodb, Mongoose, and React.  Render:  Axios get request:  State in class component: ",Uses an object map to collect messages into arrays.  Resultant data in the form of:        ,,0,87,1,0,1,1
583,How to hook into onClick method inside a method using frida,I want to change behaviour of onClick method by hooking with frida.  The code I used is  iam getting error  source code is ,"You are trying to hook the wrong class - most likely because you are using Jadx for decompiling the wrong settings and no knowledge on Java classes. If you are using Jadx for decompiling the APK file make sure to disable the setting Inline anonymous classes to see the real class name a method belongs to. The Method  belongs to the anonymous inner class created by  and not to  - hence you are trying to hook the wrong class. The method  it is used in is totally irrelevant for hooking. Anonymous inner classes have their own class name based on the outer class appended by  and a number. Therefore the correct class name may be  or , depending on how many other anonymous inner classes are present.  Additionally something like  is not possible, as there is no method inside a method ( is a method and  is a method). In the end you may end up with the following frida code: ",,0,314,1,0,1,1
584,Is there any css code to hide this features from site homepage,I am using the Discy Wordpress theme. What css code could I use to hide the share button and author's name from the post loop only. Here is a screenshot of what I would like to hide,"I'd recommend inspecting the elements you want to hide in your browser and add  to the class/id on those elements. Ex. Say I want to hide the 'Your Answer' text here.  I would then add some CSS  Edit: Based on your needs there are a couple options: Edit the templates used by Wordpress to exclude these elements on the necessary pages. or Insert some jQuery that will hide the elements on a specific page.  Of course, this solution requires jQuery and a  CSS class defined, like:  Some sort of class like that may already be defined in the Wordpress theme you're using. Fiddle for this solution: https://jsfiddle.net/p6af32td/",1.0,-2,66,1,5,0,1
585,Looping JSON data into Redis with HSET,"Currently I'm adding already paginated data from mongoose query to redis so that I can pull it based on the key  I'm trying to  the data that I just for looped into redis, but currently it's returning undefined when trying to return all results with that key. I'm guessing its an append issue, but I haven't seen in related commands here that is related to appending data for hset redis data. I appreciate any help! ","I think that it can be happening because asynchronous loop behaviour. Did you try to write that code using the forEach iterator over the collection? It will look like this:  There are some other third packages to handle promises (like bluebird) that allows you to deal with some other scenarios like race condition, parallel iterations and so on. Let me know if there is anything else I can do to help you! My example (requires redis running on localhost:6379) ",,0,36,1,3,1,1
586,WordPress WC_Meta_Data full variation values,"I have fairly complex products in my webshop with all kinds of variation values. The length of these values is quite low. The problem is that Wordpress automatically shortens them. So that means that: Value A: This is a fairly long value chosen for this option Gets shorten to: Value A: This is a fairly...is option I've tried to find the full length values, but can't seem to display them on my Thank You page. It uses this function to show the values:  However, even printing the entire $item output doesn't result in a usable object in which I can find the full-length values. There is the WC_Meta_Data, but it only holds these short values. Any ideas on how to tackle this? Thank you!","What theme are you using? Using Twenty Nineteen as a test. A long variation completely displays.   If I had to guess, It maybe something in the theme causing it to shorten it.",,0,34,1,2,1,0
587,pandas concat() does not join on same columns,"I have two dataframes which I am trying to concatenate. I made sure they have the same amount of columns and that the data types match. However, when calling  I get a dataframe back with 24 columns and lots of  values. I expect  to just place the second dataframe 'underneath' the first one (so the default; ). What am I doing wrong?   ","I think columns names in one Dataframe are not numeric, but strings, so you can try:  Or: ",,3,172,2,1,1,1
588,capture of ? using Lombok builder,I have this class   and this other one  but when I do   I got this compilation error ,You don't have any annotations on Hostel.  is really a masquerading . So the assignment would have to be  Or more accurately (making static methods subject to inheritance was IMO a mistake)  You probably want to add some Lombok annotations to the child class.,,0,92,2,0,1,1
589,I am trying to run a query in access. When I set up a parameter using the IIF function it is not working properly. It is not reading the string,"I have set up an adjustment log that tracks all of the adjustments that go in and out of a system. The database serves as an approval database and it gives reason codes for every transaction. Now, after the fact, I am trying to determine the number of transactions that have occurred by reason code. (In access) after pulling in the necessary Fields, I typed this as a parameter in a query. Inventory Short Descrepency: IIf([Reason Code]=""Inventory Short Discrepency      "",1,0) When I move from design mode to view mode the IIF function does not work. It shows zeros down the board.  If I was to do this in excel it would work fine, but I am trying to make it work here in MS Access. I can export this to excel, but I am trying to roll this up into a report that I can generate weekly. Is there something that I am missing? Respectfully, TYMO","Most likely the problem is with text comparison which is always a bad idea to depend on. Your Reason Codes should be ID numbers from a lookup table, not text. For example the correct spelling is ""Discrepancy"" which could account for why you get zero matches but also demonstrate why text comparison has so much potential for failure.",,0,19,2,1,0,0
590,I am trying to write a code but facing a java.lang.StringIndexOutOfBoundsException. Please check the code out,"So I am trying to take multiple inputs. here is the question:- Given two strings of equal length, you have to tell whether they both strings are identical. Two strings S1 and S2 are said to be identical, if any of the permutation of string S1 is equal to the string S2. See Sample explanation for more details. Input : First line, contains an intger 'T' denoting no. of test cases. Each test consists of a single line, containing two space separated strings S1 and S2 of equal length. Output: For each test case, if any of the permutation of string S1 is equal to the string S2 print YES else print NO. Constraints: 1<= T <=100 1<= |S1| = |S2| <= 10^5 String is made up of lower case letters only.   the error    issue","The issue is the statement  That will never consume a token with a space (because white space is the delimiter). Change it to  And then  will work (but only if the input contains a space); so you should still test it is not  yourself.  Also,  will leave trailing newlines (and skip your next input) using  so consume that too. ",,0,56,2,0,1,1
591,Remove rows matching symbol/pattern in multiple columns in R,"I have my dataframe that looks like this:  I want to get rid of rows that have .  I tried this code below, but I am not getting what I need from this. Can someone please help me? ", Alternatively: ,0.0,1,44,2,0,1,1
592,Remove duplicates in one column based on a date in another column,"I have an excel spreadsheet with two columns: Column A contains a list of names and Column B contains dates. I want to get rid of duplicate entries based on dates. This is an example  I want to remove duplicates that have the same date, so the final result should be: ",Why aren't you using the standard  functionality? ,,0,47,2,5,1,1
593,jQuery async ajax calls,"I have the following code that has a list, and for every element in this list, do an ajax call.  Since I am making a number async ajax calls, let's assume there is 1 of them takes so long to execute. Is there a possibility that this testMethod will return before that ajax call finish?",Definitely. The ajax call is asynchronous so the code will continue to execute without waiting for the success/error callback functions. You have two options:  Make your ajax call as a synchronous call (more info here) (recomended) Make your  functions an async function (more info here)  But (1º option):  Setting async property to false is deprecated and in the process of   being removed (link). Many browsers including Firefox and Chrome have   already started to print a warning in the console if you use this:  And follows an example for the 2º Option (more about javascript promises in here and Promise.All in here):       ,,0,51,2,3,1,1
594,How to transform data from S3 bucket before writing to Redshift DW?,"I'm creating a (modern) data warehouse in redshift. All of our infrastructure is hosted at Amazon. So far, I have setup DMS to ingest data (including changed data) from some tables of our business database (SQL Server on EC2, not RDS) and store it directly to S3. Now I must transform and enrich this data from the S3 before I can write it to Redshift. Our DW have some tables for facts and dimensions (star schema), so, imagine a Customer dimension, it should contain not only the customer basic info, but address info, city, state, etc. This data is spread amongst a few tables in our business database. So here's my problem, I don't have a clear idea of how to query the S3 staging area in order to join these tables and write it to my redshift DW. I want to do it using AWS services like Glue, Kinesis, etc. i.e. full serverless. Can Kinesis accomplish this task? Would it make things easier if I moved my staging area from S3 to Redshift since all of our data is highly relational in nature anyway? If so, the question remains, how to transform/enrich data before saving it on our DW schemas? I have searched everywhere for this particular topic but information on it is scarse. Any help is appreciated.","There are a lot of ways to do this but one idea is to query the data using Redshift Spectrum. Spectrum is a way to query S3 (called an external database) using your Redshift cluster. Really high-level, one way to do this would be to create a Glue Crawler job to crawl your S3 bucket, which creates the External Database that Redshift Spectrum can query. This way, you don't need to move your data into Redshift itself. Likely, you will want to keep your ""staging"" area in S3 and only bring into Redshift the data that is ready to be used for reporting or analytics, which would be your Customer Dim table. Here is the documentation to do this: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/redshift/latest/dg/c-getting-started-using-spectrum.html To schedule the ETL SQL: I don't believe there is a scheduling tool built into Redshift but you can do that in a few ways: 1) Get an ETL tool or set up CRON jobs on a server or Glue that schedules SQL scripts to be ran. I do this with a Python script that connects to the database then runs the SQL text. This would be a little bit more of a bulk operation. You can also do this in a Lambda function and have it be scheduled on a Cloudwatch trigger which can be on a cron schedule  2) Use a Lambda function that runs the SQL script that you want that triggers for S3 PUTs into that bucket. That way the script will run right when the file drops. This would be basically a realtime operation. DMS drops files very quickly so you will have files dropping multiple times per minute so that might be more difficult to handle. ",,1,357,2,5,0,0
595,in_array value is the only value. How?,"The second if statement in the series below keeps returning true and printing out even if  is not the only item in the array. How do I correct this? The goal is to make sure only one if statement matches at all times in the series below. For example, right now the second if returns true when the 3rd if does. This should not happen.  . "," # This if keeps returning true even if estimateId is not the only item in the array?       # estimates/1001/  To solve your issue you can check if that value is the only value    becomes:  Which checks the values and also checks a  of values in the array. Because you are looking for just this value, the array count should only be 1.  https://localhost/data.php?estimateId=1001  Above returns true because $_GET contains only one value.  https://localhost/data.php?estimateId=1001&proposalsFilter=all   Above returns false because $_GET array contains 2 values. ",,0,38,2,2,1,1
596,Launching and Monitoring a job at the same time in Ansible tower CLI,"We have installed Ansible Tower and have the CLI tools implemented.  We can launch jobs in the CLI using the following -   This returns the output like so -   And then we can monitor the status like this -  . Is it possible to pass the input of ID into the monitor cli argument in some way (or is it possible to run both at the same time)?  Since we have multiple jobs running on the server, we would need to be able to reliably get the job id each time. I didn't see anything about this when I read over the documentation at http://tower-cli.readthedocs.io/en/latest/cli_ref/index.html. Thanks. ","I'm on  version . I ran  which gave the following, related commands:  So I think you can just do the following:  (I add the  command when I'm running this in my CI build, which is why I included it above)",,1,771,3,0,1,1
597,Css blur Make background content less visable,"I'm trying to create a CSS overlay using the blur filter.         I created an example in this codepen: https://codepen.io/hetzbr/pen/zJLEaz When I have a white button as content it's very prominent and difficult to read any content that's overlayed on the blur.  Is there a way that I can make the content colors less prominent?  I know that I can add opacity to the content to make the background content less visible, but curious if there's a way that the text can still have a nice blur effect without the buttons sticking out like a sore thumb.","You could add a  filter in addition to your  to darken the blurred element, thus creating a bit more contrast with the white text.       ",,2,46,3,0,1,1
598,Redirect after Login validation using Button in Cordova,"I am a beginner in Cordova language. I am trying to redirect my html page on button click in javascript. Here in  method I want to redirect to my home page. I have tried all possible things like ,  . But I am not getting exact answer to redirect.  ",Thanks for all help! I found the solution: In   In method: ,1.0,2,110,3,0,1,1
599,How to install add-ons after the initial install of Istio?,"Grafana, service graph and zipking aren't deployed after the installation of Istio.There's no way to install these add-ons after the initial install of Istio?? ","It depends on how did you install istio. if installed with helm install, then you can install add-ons using command like this:  or you installed with helm template, then you need to edit the values.yaml in your helm template directory to enable those add-ons, then install it: ",1.0,1,485,3,0,0,1
600,Hyper-v and VirtualBox conflict in Dockers with Minikube,"I'm trying to scale my docker containers with Minikube on Windows 10 Enterprise Edition. However, I'm running into a few conflicts with Hyper-V and VirtualBox. I know Dockers require Hyper-V to run properly while Minikube requires VirtualBox to run (shows an error if Hyper-V is enabled)   If I disable, Hyper-V, I'm able to start minikube properly but Dockers does not work and shows an error to enable Hyper-V. I also tried running minikube with Hyper-V driver, but also get this error:  Any solution to this?"," I also tried running minikube with Hyper-V driver, but also get this error:  There is an explicit warning about that HyperV and vswitch situation in their docs: https://github.com/kubernetes/minikube/blob/v0.28.2/docs/drivers.md#hyperv-driver Although in 's defense, it also does say right at the end the URL one should go to in order to read about the  flag one should provide in addition to . Navigating to that linked docker page, it even provides a step-by-step with screenshots example of how to accomplish that.",1.0,6,5390,4,0,1,1
601,Replacing service layer with MediatR - is it worth to do it?,"Do you think it might be reasonable to replace my service layer or service classes with MediatR? For example, my service classes look like this:  I want to achieve some sort of modular design so other dynamically loaded modules   or plugins can write their own notification or command handlers for my main core application. Currently, my application is not event-driven at all and there's no easy way for my dynamically loaded plugins to communicate. I can either incorporate MediatR in my controllers removing service layer completely or use it with my service layer just publishing notifications so my plugins can handle them. Currently, my logic is mostly CRUD but there's a lot of custom logic going on before creating, updating, deleting. Possible replacement of my service would look like:  Would it be something wrong to do? Basically, I'm struggling what to choose for my logic flow:  Controller -> Service -> MediatR -> Notification handlers -> Repository Controller -> MediatR -> Command handlers -> Repository  It seems like with MediatR I can't have a single model for Create, Update and Delete, so one way to re-use it I'd need to derive requests like:  or embed it in my command like:  One advantage of MediatR is the ability to plug logic in and plug it out easily which seems like a nice fit for modular architecture but still, I'm a bit confused how to shape my architecture with it.","Partly this was answered here: MediatR when and why I should use it? vs 2017 webapi The biggest benefit of using MediaR(or MicroBus, or any other mediator implementation) is isolating and/or segregating your logic (one of the reasons its popular way to use CQRS) and a good foundation for implementing decorator pattern (so something like ASP.NET Core MVC filters). From MediatR 3.0 there's an inbuilt support for this (see Behaviours) (instead of using IoC decorators) You can use the decorator pattern with services (classes like ) too. And you can use CQRS with services too (, ) Other than that it's opinion-based, and use what you want to achieve your goal. The end result shouldn't make any difference except for code maintenance. Additional reading:   Baking Round Shaped Apps with MediatR (which compares custom mediator implementation with the one MediatR provides and porting process) Is it good to handle multiple requests in a single handler? ",1.0,2,6528,4,0,1,1
602,Android : Maximum allowed width & height of bitmap,"Im creating an app that needs to decode large images to bitmaps to be displayed in a ImageView. If i just try to decode them straight to a bitmap i get the following error "" Bitmap too large to be uploaded into a texture (1944x2592, max=2048x2048)"" So to be able to show images with too high resolution im using:   This works but I don't really want to hardcode the maximum value of 2048 as I have in the if-statement now, but I cant find out how to get a the max allowed size of the bitmap for a device Any ideas? ","This limit should be coming from the underlying OpenGL implementation. If you're already using  OpenGL in your app, you can use something like this to get the maximum size:  This shows that my both my Galaxy Nexus and Galaxy S2 have a maximum of 2048x2048. Unfortunately, if you're not already using it, the only way to get an OpenGL context to call this from is to create one(including the surfaceview, etc), which is a lot of overhead just to query a maximum size.",12.0,28,35783,10,12,1,1
603,C# how to use enum with switch,"I can't figure out how to use switches in combination with an enum. Could you please tell me what I'm doing wrong, and how to fix it? I have to use an enum to make a basic calculator.   The end result should be something like this:  Could you guys please tell me how I'm messing up?","You don't need to convert it  By the way, use brackets",10.0,73,188623,111,12,1,1
604,Filter MYSQL price - I have error with 'IF',"I have in databse 2 type variable: text and decimal(20,2) (I am writing a web application, and I would be confined to these two types of data as text and numeric to facilitate the operator to base). In numeric data type I have sometimes all column, where is only the integer part, and when I result data, I have '32324244.00'. I would like remove this '.00'. I wrote the code that checks whether an entry in the column > '.00'  When is any record, code return '1', if not, '0'; I would like to develop this code and convert the numbers to do immediately in MySQL. So how is a '1 'to display the number of normal, as is '0' to do 'substring_index (,'. ', 1)' I have code:  This code not work, PhpMyAdmin return error:   - You have an error in your SQL syntax; check the manual that corresponds to your MySQL server version for the right syntax to use near 'WHERE    LIMIT 0, 30' at line 1   Where is problem? Sorry for my english :-)","The problem is that, you didn't make your  clause, and you didn't select from the table like that:  Try this instead:  If you have something with where clause, you can add it in the end;   or something like that.  Edit:   EDIT2: Try this:  LOOK DEMO SQLFIDDLE Side note: Make sure that you have the column called .",,0,178,2,13,1,1
605,Knockoutjs loading data from spring controller,"I have an application spring mvc, view model is jsp page.  Previously, I used jstl order to get a Java object  My controller:  But now I want to use knockout...How do I get an object on the jsp page using something like this? ",I can not think of anything better than to make a ajax request   JSP page: ,,0,822,0,1,1,1
606,Submitting an h2 tag with a form to a server?,"So here's what I'd like to do. Here's the code:  The  tag is content editable, I'd like to make that the ""name"" of said submission. I'm doing a project in school, and it's basically a simple HTML5 live editor, but I like the look of the . I think of it like Google Doc's title.","If I understand it correctly, you want to use it as the title? Than just place an input field inside your form giving it a h2 layout. When submitting, you can get the value from ""title"" in php to use it as a title to save your item. Submitting a h2 with a form directly is not possible (then you should use something like JavaScript or JQuery) ",,1,151,0,1,1,1
607,Jira Mail Handler dosent create issues for user,"i have a problem with the jira mail handler. If a non existing user send a mail to support@xxxx.com the mail handler creates a new issue und creates a user in jira witch syncs to a specific ldap directory. If a existing user send a mail to the support@xxxx.com jira create a issue. The Problem is for some existing user jira dosnt create a issue and i have no idea why. But the mail is marked as read. I can't find nothing unusual in the jira-database and in the logfile. (jira debug is enabled) Jira log:  2015-03-18 13:16:00,237 atlassian-scheduler-quartz1.clustered_Worker-2 DEBUG ServiceRunner    Von JIRA Service Desk verwendeter Mailhandler. Dar   f nicht ge?ndert oder gel?scht werden. 10.111 [com.atlassian.mail.incoming] * OK Gimap ready for requests from 91.118.111.246 e17mb107777603wen   2015-03-18 13:16:00,237 atlassian-scheduler-quartz1.clustered_Worker-2 DEBUG ServiceRunner    Von JIRA Service Desk verwendeter Mailhandler. Dar   f nicht ge?ndert oder gel?scht werden. 10.111 [com.atlassian.mail.incoming] A0 CAPABILITY   2015-03-18 13:16:00,267 atlassian-scheduler-quartz1.clustered_Worker-2 DEBUG ServiceRunner    Von JIRA Service Desk verwendeter Mailhandler. Dar   f nicht ge?ndert oder gel?scht werden. 10.111 [com.atlassian.mail.incoming] * CAPABILITY IMAP4rev1 UNSELECT IDLE NAMESPACE QUOTA ID XLIST CHILDR   EN X-GM-EXT-1 XYZZY SASL-IR AUTH=XOAUTH AUTH=XOAUTH2 AUTH=PLAIN AUTH=PLAIN-CLIENTTOKEN   A0 OK Thats all she wrote! e17mb107777603wen   2015-03-18 13:16:00,267 atlassian-scheduler-quartz1.clustered_Worker-2 DEBUG ServiceRunner    Von JIRA Service Desk verwendeter Mailhandler. Dar   f nicht ge?ndert oder gel?scht werden. 10.111 [com.atlassian.mail.incoming] DEBUG IMAP: AUTH: XOAUTH   2015-03-18 13:16:00,268 atlassian-scheduler-quartz1.clustered_Worker-2 DEBUG ServiceRunner    Von JIRA Service Desk verwendeter Mailhandler. Dar   f nicht ge?ndert oder gel?scht werden. 10.111 [com.atlassian.mail.incoming] DEBUG IMAP: AUTH: XOAUTH2   2015-03-18 13:16:00,268 atlassian-scheduler-quartz1.clustered_Worker-2 DEBUG ServiceRunner    Von JIRA Service Desk verwendeter Mailhandler. Dar   f nicht ge?ndert oder gel?scht werden. 10.111 [com.atlassian.mail.incoming] DEBUG IMAP: AUTH: PLAIN   2015-03-18 13:16:00,268 atlassian-scheduler-quartz1.clustered_Worker-2 DEBUG ServiceRunner    Von JIRA Service Desk verwendeter Mailhandler. Dar   f nicht ge?ndert oder gel?scht werden. 10.111 [com.atlassian.mail.incoming] DEBUG IMAP: AUTH: PLAIN-CLIENTTOKEN   2015-03-18 13:16:00,271 atlassian-scheduler-quartz1.clustered_Worker-2 DEBUG ServiceRunner    Von JIRA Service Desk verwendeter Mailhandler. Dar   f nicht ge?ndert oder gel?scht werden. 10.111 [com.atlassian.mail.incoming] DEBUG: protocolConnect login, host=imap.gmail.com, user=support-grag@xxxx.com, password=   2015-03-18 13:16:00,271 atlassian-scheduler-quartz1.clustered_Worker-2 DEBUG ServiceRunner    Von JIRA Service Desk verwendeter Mailhandler. Darf nicht ge?ndert oder gel?scht werden. 10.111 [com.atlassian.mail.incoming] DEBUG IMAP: AUTHENTICATE PLAIN command trace suppressed   2015-03-18 13:16:00,552 atlassian-scheduler-quartz1.clustered_Worker-2 DEBUG ServiceRunner    Von JIRA Service Desk verwendeter Mailhandler. Darf nicht ge?ndert oder gel?scht werden. 10.111 [com.atlassian.mail.incoming] DEBUG IMAP: AUTHENTICATE PLAIN command result: A1 OK support-grag@xxxxx.com authenticated (Success)   2015-03-18 13:16:00,553 atlassian-scheduler-quartz1.clustered_Worker-2 DEBUG ServiceRunner    Von JIRA Service Desk verwendeter Mailhandler. Darf nicht ge?ndert oder gel?scht werden. 10.111 [com.atlassian.mail.incoming] A2 CAPABILITY   2015-03-18 13:16:00,679 atlassian-scheduler-quartz1.clustered_Worker-2 DEBUG ServiceRunner    Von JIRA Service Desk verwendeter Mailhandler. Darf nicht ge?ndert oder gel?scht werden. 10.111 [com.atlassian.mail.incoming] * CAPABILITY IMAP4rev1 UNSELECT IDLE NAMESPACE QUOTA ID XLIST CHILDREN X-GM-EXT-1 UIDPLUS COMPRESS=DEFLATE ENABLE MOVE CONDSTORE ESEARCH UTF8=ACCEPT   A2 OK Success   2015-03-18 13:16:00,679 atlassian-scheduler-quartz1.clustered_Worker-2 DEBUG ServiceRunner    Von JIRA Service Desk verwendeter Mailhandler. Darf nicht ge?ndert oder gel?scht werden. 10.111 [servicedesk.squalor.email.SDMessageProcessor] Connection to Mail Server established successfully   2015-03-18 13:16:00,680 atlassian-scheduler-quartz1.clustered_Worker-2 DEBUG ServiceRunner    Von JIRA Service Desk verwendeter Mailhandler. Darf nicht ge?ndert oder gel?scht werden. 10.111 [com.atlassian.mail.incoming] DEBUG: connection available -- size: 1   2015-03-18 13:16:00,680 atlassian-scheduler-quartz1.clustered_Worker-2 DEBUG ServiceRunner    Von JIRA Service Desk verwendeter Mailhandler. Darf nicht ge?ndert oder gel?scht werden. 10.111 [com.atlassian.mail.incoming] A3 SELECT INBOX   2015-03-18 13:16:00,718 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343008x1 - 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 / [internal.user.external.ExternalCustomerAccessService] Anonymous is true for request / and user ANON   2015-03-18 13:16:00,723 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343009x1 - 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/MyJiraHome.jspa [internal.user.external.ExternalCustomerAccessService] Anonymous is true for request /secure/MyJiraHome.jspa and user ANON   2015-03-18 13:16:00,727 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343009x1 - 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/MyJiraHome.jspa [atlassian.labs.botkiller.BotKiller] Lowering session inactivity timeout to 60   2015-03-18 13:16:00,732 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [internal.user.external.ExternalCustomerAccessService] Anonymous is true for request /secure/Dashboard.jspa and user ANON   2015-03-18 13:16:00,736 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [atlassia   n.analytics.client.EventTracer] Processing event class com.atlassian.jira.event.DashboardViewEvent from com.atlassian.event.internal.EventPublisherImpl.publish(EventPublisherImpl.java:79) com.atlassian.jira.web.action.Dashboard.doExecute(Dashboard.java:191) webwork.action.ActionSupport.execute(ActionSupport.java:165) com.atlassian.jira.action.JiraActionSupport.execute(JiraActionSupport.java:88) webwork.interceptor.DefaultInterceptorChain.proceed(DefaultInterceptorChain.java:39) webwork.interceptor.NestedInterceptorChain.proceed(NestedInterceptorChain.java:31) webwork.interceptor.ChainedInterceptor.intercept(ChainedInterceptor.java:16) webwork.interceptor.DefaultInterceptorChain.proceed(DefaultInterceptorChain.java:35) webwork.dispatcher.GenericDispatcher.executeAction(GenericDispatcher.java:225) webwork.dispatcher.GenericDispatcher.executeAction(GenericDispatcher.java:154)   2015-03-18 13:16:00,736 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [analytics.client.extractor.JiraPropertyExtractor] Extracting property id   2015-03-18 13:16:00,737 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [analytics.client.extractor.JiraPropertyExtractor] Extracting property params   2015-03-18 13:16:00,737 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [analytics.client.listener.ProductEventListener] Sending event message dashboardview took 1099 ?s   2015-03-18 13:16:00,739 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [internal.user.external.ExternalCustomerAccessService] Anonymous is true for request /secure/views/dashboard.jsp and user ANON   2015-03-18 13:16:00,742 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] Getting introspector method for getter: getId   2015-03-18 13:16:00,742 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] got method: public com.atlassian.gadgets.dashboard.DashboardId com.atlassian.gadgets.dashboard.internal.impl.DashboardImpl.getId()   2015-03-18 13:16:00,742 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] Got return annotations: []   2015-03-18 13:16:00,743 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] Getting introspector method for getter: getDisplayName   2015-03-18 13:16:00,743 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] got method: public final java.lang.String com.sun.proxy.$Proxy2630.getDisplayName()   2015-03-18 13:16:00,743 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] Got return annotations: []   2015-03-18 13:16:00,744 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] Getting introspector method for getter: getDisplayName   2015-03-18 13:16:00,744 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] got method: public final java.lang.String com.sun.proxy.$Proxy2630.getDisplayName()   2015-03-18 13:16:00,744 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] Got return annotations: []   2015-03-18 13:16:00,747 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] Getting introspector method for getter: getId   2015-03-18 13:16:00,747 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] got method: public com.atlassian.gadgets.dashboard.DashboardId com.atlassian.gadgets.dashboard.internal.impl.DashboardImpl.getId()   2015-03-18 13:16:00,747 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] Got return annotations: []   2015-03-18 13:16:00,748 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] Getting introspector method for getter: getId   2015-03-18 13:16:00,748 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] got method: public com.atlassian.gadgets.dashboard.DashboardId com.atlassian.gadgets.dashboard.internal.impl.DashboardImpl.getId()   2015-03-18 13:16:00,748 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] Got return annotations: []   2015-03-18 13:16:00,748 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] Getting introspector method for getter: getId   2015-03-18 13:16:00,748 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] got method: public com.atlassian.gadgets.dashboard.DashboardId com.atlassian.gadgets.dashboard.internal.impl.DashboardImpl.getId()   2015-03-18 13:16:00,748 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] Got return annotations: []   2015-03-18 13:16:00,750 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] Getting introspector method for getter: getId   2015-03-18 13:16:00,750 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] got method: public com.atlassian.gadgets.dashboard.DashboardId com.atlassian.gadgets.dashboard.internal.impl.DashboardImpl.getId()   2015-03-18 13:16:00,750 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] Got return annotations: []   2015-03-18 13:16:00,750 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] Getting introspector method for getter: getId   2015-03-18 13:16:00,750 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] got method: public com.atlassian.gadgets.dashboard.DashboardId com.atlassian.gadgets.dashboard.internal.impl.DashboardImpl.getId()   2015-03-18 13:16:00,750 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] Got return annotations: []   2015-03-18 13:16:00,751 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] Getting introspector method for getter: getStyleClass   2015-03-18 13:16:00,751 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] got method: public java.lang.String com.atlassian.gadgets.util.WebItemFinder$WebItem.getStyleClass()   2015-03-18 13:16:00,751 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] Got return annotations: []   2015-03-18 13:16:00,751 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] Getting introspector method for getter: getStyleClass   2015-03-18 13:16:00,751 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] got method: public java.lang.String com.atlassian.gadgets.util.WebItemFinder$WebItem.getStyleClass()   2015-03-18 13:16:00,751 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] Got return annotations: []   2015-03-18 13:16:00,751 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] Getting introspector method for getter: getLink   2015-03-18 13:16:00,751 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] got method: public com.atlassian.gadgets.util.WebItemFinder$GadgetWebLink com.atlassian.gadge:   Class()   2015-03-18 13:16:00,751 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity   .htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] Got return annotations: []   2015-03-18 13:16:00,751 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity   .htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] Getting introspector method for getter: getStyleClass   2015-03-18 13:16:00,751 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] got method: public java.lang.String com.atlassian.gadgets.util.WebItemFinder$WebItem.getStyleClass()   2015-03-18 13:16:00,751 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] Got return annotations: []   2015-03-18 13:16:00,751 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] Getting introspector method for getter: getLink   2015-03-18 13:16:00,751 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] got method: public com.atlassian.gadgets.util.WebItemFinder$GadgetWebLink com.atlassian.gadgets.util.WebItemFinder$WebItem.getLink()   2015-03-18 13:16:00,751 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] Got return annotations: []   2015-03-18 13:16:00,751 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] Getting introspector method for getter: getId   2015-03-18 13:16:00,751 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] got method: public java.lang.String com.atlassian.gadgets.util.WebItemFinder$GadgetWebLink.getId()   2015-03-18 13:16:00,751 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] Got return annotations: []   2015-03-18 13:16:00,752 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] Getting introspector method for getter: getLink   2015-03-18 13:16:00,752 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] got method: public com.atlassian.gadgets.util.WebItemFinder$GadgetWebLink com.atlassian.gadgets.util.WebItemFinder$WebItem.getLink()   2015-03-18 13:16:00,752 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] Got return annotations: []   2015-03-18 13:16:00,752 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] Getting introspector method for getter: getId   2015-03-18 13:16:00,752 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] got method: public java.lang.String com.atlassian.gadgets.util.WebItemFinder$GadgetWebLink.getId()   2015-03-18 13:16:00,752 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] Got return annotations: []   2015-03-18 13:16:00,752 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] Getting introspector method for getter: getStyleClass   2015-03-18 13:16:00,752 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] got method: public java.lang.String com.atlassian.gadgets.util.WebItemFinder$WebItem.getStyleClass()   2015-03-18 13:16:00,752 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] Got return annotations: []   2015-03-18 13:16:00,752 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] Getting introspector method for getter: getLink   2015-03-18 13:16:00,752 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] got method: public com.atlassian.gadgets.util.WebItemFinder$GadgetWebLink com.atlassian.gadgets.util.WebItemFinder$WebItem.getLink()   2015-03-18 13:16:00,752 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] Got return annotations: []   2015-03-18 13:16:00,753 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] Getting introspector method for getter: getDisplayableUrl   2015-03-18 13:16:00,753 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] got method: public java.lang.String com.atlassian.gadgets.util.WebItemFinder$GadgetWebLink.getDisplayableUrl()   2015-03-18 13:16:00,753 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] Got return annotations: []   2015-03-18 13:16:00,753 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] Getting introspector method for getter: getLabel   2015-03-18 13:16:00,753 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] got method: public com.atlassian.gadgets.util.WebItemFinder$GadgetWebLabel com.atlassian.gadgets.util.WebItemFinder$WebItem.getLabel()   2015-03-18 13:16:00,753 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] Got return annotations: []   2015-03-18 13:16:00,753 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] Getting introspector method for getter: getDisplayableLabel   2015-03-18 13:16:00,753 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] got method: public java.lang.String com.atlassian.gadgets.util.WebItemFinder$GadgetWebLabel.getDisplayableLabel()   2015-03-18 13:16:00,753 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] Got return annotations: []   2015-03-18 13:16:00,754 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] Getting introspector method for getter: getDashboardId   2015-03-18 13:16:00,754 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] got method: public com.atlassian.gadgets.dashboard.DashboardId com.atlassian.gadgets.dashboard.internal.impl.TabImpl.getDashboardId()   2015-03-18 13:16:00,754 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] Got return annotations: []   2015-03-18 13:16:00,754 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] Getting introspector method for getter: getId   2015-03-18 13:16:00,754 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] got method: public com.atlassian.gadgets.dashboard.DashboardId com.atlassian.gadgets.dashboar   d.internal.impl.DashboardImpl.getId()   2015-03-18 13:16:00,754 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] Got return annotations: []   2015-03-18 13:16:00,760 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] Getting introspector method for getter: isWritable   2015-03-18 13:16:00,760 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] got method: public boolean com.atlassian.gadgets.view.View.isWritable()   2015-03-18 13:16:00,760 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] Got return annotations: []   2015-03-18 13:16:00,762 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] Getting introspector method for getter: getDisplayName   2015-03-18 13:16:00,762 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] got method: public final java.lang.String com.sun.proxy.$Proxy2630.getDisplayName()   2015-03-18 13:16:00,762 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [velocity.htmlsafe.introspection.AnnotationBoxingUberspect] Got return annotations: []   2015-03-18 13:16:00,762 http-bio-8011-exec-24 DEBUG anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [atlassian.labs.botkiller.BotKiller] Upping session inactivity timeout to 18000   2015-03-18 13:16:00,798 http-bio-8011-exec-24 INFO anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [servicedesk.internal.user.SDUserFactoryImpl] Could not find a logged in user in context when performing a permission check   2015-03-18 13:16:00,798 http-bio-8011-exec-24 INFO anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [servicedesk.internal.user.SDUserFactoryImpl] Could not find a logged in user in context when performing a permission check   2015-03-18 13:16:00,798 http-bio-8011-exec-24 INFO anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [servicedesk.internal.user.SDUserFactoryImpl] Could not find a logged in user in context when performing a permission check   2015-03-18 13:16:00,798 http-bio-8011-exec-24 INFO anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [servicedesk.internal.user.SDUserFactoryImpl] Could not find a logged in user in context when performing a permission check   2015-03-18 13:16:00,807 http-bio-8011-exec-24 INFO anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [servicedesk.internal.user.SDUserFactoryImpl] Could not find a logged in user in context when performing a permission check   2015-03-18 13:16:00,807 http-bio-8011-exec-24 INFO anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [servicedesk.internal.user.SDUserFactoryImpl] Could not find a logged in user in context when performing a permission check   2015-03-18 13:16:00,808 http-bio-8011-exec-24 INFO anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [servicedesk.internal.user.SDUserFactoryImpl] Could not find a logged in user in context when performing a permission check   2015-03-18 13:16:00,808 http-bio-8011-exec-24 INFO anonymous 796x343010x1 18zam0p 85.126.241.58,91.118.111.246 /secure/Dashboard.jspa [servicedesk.internal.user.SDUserFactoryImpl] Could not find a logged in user in context when performing a permission check   2015-03-18 13:16:00,812 atlassian-scheduler-quartz1.clustered_Worker-2 DEBUG ServiceRunner    Von JIRA Service Desk verwendeter Mailhandler. Darf nicht ge?ndert oder gel?scht werden. 10.111 [com.atlassian.mail.incoming] * FLAGS (\Answered \Flagged \Draft \Deleted \Seen $Phishing $NotPhishing)   * OK [PERMANENTFLAGS (\Answered \Flagged \Draft \Deleted \Seen $Phishing $NotPhishing *)] Flags permitted.  I had no idea, please help me.",Sorry my fail ,,0,482,0,1,0,1
608,Java Driver License Program - Having trouble displaying which problems I missed,"I created my program according to the instructions below. When I run my program, my output for the incorrect answers that I missed is incorrect. For example, if I input all the correct answers but #19, it would say 1 or 2 in the incorrect answers section of the output data. What did I do wrong?   The local Driver's License Office has asked you to write a program that grades the written portion of the license exam. The exam has 20 multiple choice questions. Here are the correct answers:  A student must correctly answer 15 questions of the 20 questions to pass the exam. Write a class named DriverExam that holds the correct answers to the exam in an array field. The class should have an array field to hold the student's answers. The class should have the following methods: passed. The method returns true if the student passed the exam, false otherwise totalCorrect: returns the total number of correctly answered questions totalIncorrect: returns the total number of incorrectly answered questions questionsMissed: an int array containing the question numbers of the question that the student missed Demonstrate the class in a test program that asks the user to enter a student's answers, and then display the results returned from the DriverExam class's methods.  Here is my output data:    ",The problem is in the function  where you always assign instead of . This should work: ,,0,2100,0,1,1,1
609,Run Java Molecular Dynamic simulation program in multithreading,"I have this applet here that I have to make it work in multithreads. I try to, but its seems when set the number of threads at 1, the program runs as expected. So, generally the program runs ok. But if I set the value lets say 2 or 4. Is getting crazy. Im not getting the required outcome. It seems that is something wrong with the calculations. Im banging my head on the wall, trying to figure out whats wrong but, everything I tried, seems to not solve the problem. Heres is the sequential code:    Can anybody spot whats the problem?"," and  are declared as static so all the threads are wrongly using the same variables during their computation.  A) The begin/end will be mistakenly set to some random output of the race conditions between the threads at the begining of their method run() B) All threads will potentially work on the same indexes range ignoring rest of the position, velocity, acceleration arrays. Also all threads are running uncessary exactly the same code:  I would recommend changing all the variables to instance variables, and then going through the code modified to static only those which should be shared between the threads. Reads of the static variable are fine, the writes have to be checked if they are exclusive. (Writing to different parts of your x, vx... arrays are 'exclusive' in that sense, just make sure that indexes do not overlap).",,0,69,0,1,1,1
610,Bootstrap datepicker not popping out in MVC,I saw lot of post regarding this but not able to solve. In my view the bootstrap datepicker is popping out successfully for the input tag eg:        When i run the page iam able to change the date through datepicker.       but the same is not working with below code       Please help me.,It is sorted out.       I removed   from the  and its working fine :) ,,0,138,0,1,1,1
611,"Drupal - Query to count all nodes of content_type ""A"" in which field_b is ""X""",I need to make a query for a drupal site. Initially I just needed to COUNT the number of nodes for a content type:  Now I need that but only for nodes that have the field_b equal to 'X'. How can I do this?  Any help?,You can set the query to be a count query only by using : ,,1,928,1,1,1,1
612,How do I plot the frequency response of a digital filter in MATLAB?,"I am trying to graph the frequency response. I was asked to use  in MATLAB, but since I've read the manual, I still don't get how it performs a  transform. I have the impulse response of the digital filter written below:  It's just a feedback system of  Below are my calculations to compute the  transform of the above system, which ultimately determines the impulse response:  How can I plot the frequency response of ?  Should I use ?","From Matlab's  documentation:  filters the input data, x, using a rational transfer function defined by the numerator and denominator coefficients b and a, respectively.  As you might know, filtering an impulse input would give you the impulse response. It then remains to obtain those  and  coefficients. You could either obtain those directly from the difference equation  (as indicated in the rational transfer function link above) or equivalently from the rational transfer function you have derived:  In either case, you should get the following  and  coefficients:  Thus,  This impulse response can be plotted as you have done:  As far as how this related to the transform , the closed form expression you obtained can be evaluated in terms of a Laurent series expansion, which then has the coefficients of the time-domain  (impulse response) series. However,  is an analytic function defined in the  (where  in your case) region of convergence in the complex plane. It is more typical to plot the frequency response, which corresponds to the  evaluated on the unit-circle (i.e. for complex number satisfying  or equivalently  with theta in the [0-2pi] range). An efficient method to compute values of  at regularly spaced points on that unit-circle is to take the FFT of the impulse response:  P.S.: the computation of  and  can be done in the single call  if you have the signal processing toolbox (although you were specifically asked to use ).",,2,3986,1,1,1,1
613,Constructor for Bitmap from Stream is too slow in compact framework 1,I have 'png' image with size 200x200. 8bit color. Image size is 10k. Image is in memory as byte array. Calling Bitmap bmp = new Bitmap(new MemoryStream(bytes)); costs me about 60 milliseconds. It seems to long for such image size. I know that PNG is compressed image but still think 60 milliseconds is too much time. Does anybody know faster way to construct Bitmap from byte[] ?,"This might not really be the answer you're looking for, but it is too long for comments. I found that on my device the first time loading an image takes twice as long as subsequent images.  The  constructors accept a filename or a  which probably show the same performance. I Also tried loading an image using unmanaged code (a .bmp file for now) but  takes more time (35ms) than loading the image from disk using  (17ms)!  So as far as I can tell, whatever it is doing, there is no way to get a  object without that penalty. Perhaps by using unmanaged code to load and display the images you might be able to speed things up, but as far as I can tell the .png filter is behind a COM interface which requires quite some time to get right in .NET.",1.0,2,210,1,1,0,1
614,Which of these is more appropriate for learning C#: Visual Studio Express Web or Desktop?,"I downloaded Visual Studio Express Web without even knowing there were 2 other versions (windows desktop and windows). I checked on stackoverflow and saw that the ""windows desktop"" version was probably better for learning C#. But what about Visual Studio Express Web? Would that be an equally good IDE to learn C# on?","I am assuming that you want to create simple console and Windoze Desktop apps (not Modern UI apps). In that case, you want to use Visual Studio Express for Windows Desktop. Here is a short explanation of what each edition is for:  VS Express for Windows Desktop: This is for creating desktop apps and console apps. VS Express for Windows: This one is for creating Modern UI apps, the ones that run full screen in Windows 8. VS Express for Web: This one is for creating web apps using .NET technologies such as ASP.NET MVC.   Other Options Microsoft also has a new version if VS called Visual Studio Community. VS Community is basically VS Professional, but free. According to the VS website, the acceptable usage for individual developers are as follows:  Q: Who can use Visual Studio Community? A: Here’s how individual developers can use Visual Studio Community:  Any individual developer can use Visual Studio Community to create their own free or paid apps.    Would that be an equally good IDE to learn C# on? VS Express for Web would probably not be your best choice, mainly because it isn't quite as simple to create an app, run it and see results (which is what you want if you are learning). VS Express for Windows gives you a straightforward way to create apps that you can run and see immediate results.",,1,329,1,1,0,0
615,Go Concurrency Pattern- will this leave hanging goroutines?,"In Rob Pike's Google IO talk on Go Concurrency Patterns, he presented this code as an example of how to pick the fastest responder from a number of replica servers:  Question: Won't this leave N-1 of the replica goroutines blocking on a channel write? In the discussion after the talk, one of the audience members seems to be asking this question, but got kind of a handy-wavy response.  I'd be inclined to change the 3rd line to something like this: ","You are correct. But that doesn't fit on a single slide. He was talking about concurrency patterns, not necessarily the code to do it. Of course, I still wouldn't have put that code on a slide...",1.0,2,444,1,1,1,0
616,Find and replace specific strings,I have a string (a tweet) like so:  I want to pick out everything that should be a link and wrap it with link tags. The following 4 things need to be found in the string:  Any word beginning with  Any word beginning with  Any word beginning with  Any word beginning with   So I'd image it would be a bit like this: ,"Based on Parsing Twitter Usernames, Hashtags and URLs with JavaScript:  Which can be called like:  See this jsBin",,0,57,1,1,1,1
617,Angular-strap $affix service instantiation issue,"I'm trying to use Angular-strap's $affix service to programmatically attach affix behavior to 3 different elements; two of these must respond to whether the target browser is roughly desktop-width or greater (in which case they MUST NOT affix), and the third must always affix.  A complicating factor is whether or not the receiving device is either a desktop browser or a mobile device (& further whether said mobile device is either in landscape or portrait mode), because there are stylistic adjustments required for various device breakpoints, and this drives changes to the affix offsets for these three elements. To this end I've managed to put together some logic for handling these different cases, and to keep sane I've located the logic for my use of $affix within its own directive attached to my Angular app.  I've also isolated logic for detecting orientationchange events in its own directive, and within my affix directive I've got a callback setup to trip on orient::change, which calls my handleFixes() function, which in turn calls my helper functions (to recalculate the proper offsets) and then calls $affix() on each affixed element to update its behavior. In theory this should work fine.  In practice it looks like the $affix service is unable to attach callbacks to ""scroll"", ""click"" or ""resize"" events, because it's expecting targetEl to be an element but instead it's undefined.  As a result, $affix isn't working at all. I think what's happening is my directive definition isn't properly communicating the intended target element (the BODY tag) into $affix, but that may not be the end of it. Here's my directive definition EDITED:  FTR, I'm running this code with Angular 1.2.23 & Angular-strap 2.1.0. Thanks in advance for any suggestions or insight.","Gah, I went about it the wrong way.  Initially I figured out that the reason I didn't seem to have a target element was that I wasn't explicitly passing a ""target"" option into $affix().  On the assumption that it was an appropriate target I tried using $('body'). When it became apparent that this still wasn't having the intended effect -- that is, nothing I wanted to affix to the page was actually affixing to the page, despite the absence of any errors in the console log -- I decided to figure out how bs-affix works, found its definition in the source code and voila!  Clear as day, it attempts to resolve a provided target element, but lacking that it resolves to ""angular.element($window)"".  Obviously I didn't have $window readily available in my directive, so after adding it alongside the $affix service in my injected parameters, I used it instead of ""$('body')"" and things are now working as intended. I hope this is helpful for anyone else who's looking to use the $affix service for any non-trivial element affixing with Angular-strap.",,0,276,1,1,1,0
618,Parser catch-all parameter list,"Ok, I've lost two days on this, and looked at every other answer having to do with ANTLR4 on Stack, but I can't resolve this. I'm parsing a SQL table definition that looks like this:  The key bit that I can't resolve is that  computed column. I don't care about the contents between  after the  statement, and want to ignore up to the comma delimiter. Here is the  rule:  Here is the  rule, which used to work in ANTLR4 4.0.1:  Here is the logged output using ANTLR4 4.3.0:  That  that it's failing on is the first nested left paren. But it fails immediately with the same warning no matter what the first character after the opening paren. What is wrong with my ""catch-all"" logic, and what changed between 4.0.1 and 4.3 that would break this? As a side note (it may have something to do with the problem) 4.3 takes AGES to parse the entire SQL file in LL mode, so I'm using SLL. 4.0.1 recognizes the rule in both LL and SLL and there is very little difference in parse times. Is 4.0.1 possibly just ignoring the extraneous input and my  has been broken all along?",Why not reference anyExpr in itself?  And this may result in a quicker parse (didn't try it myself!): ,,1,60,2,1,1,1
619,AlarmManager not firing when requested,"So I've made an app that's supposed to send a notification at 8:15 every Wednesday morning.  I'm using an AlarmManager to send inexact repeating alarms from a calendar date to open a pending intent that sends a notification. What's currently happening is the notification is being sent only if you first download the app.  It did not go off this morning like it should have for myself or any of my users.  I'm wondering if the AlarmManager is being scheduled for one week after that first notification fires (i.e., a week after first downloading the app)? Here is my manageNotifications method in MainActivity:  Here is my AlarmReceiver that the pending intent calls: public class AlarmReceiver extends BroadcastReceiver {  And here is my BootReceiver class used to reset the alarm when a phone is restarted:  }","First, you are using . Unless your  is 19 or higher, you cannot use  with an arbitrary period. Second,  is inexact. Your alarm will not go off at 8:15am on a Wednesday. It will go off sometime. Quoting the JavaDocs:  Your alarm's first trigger will not be before the requested time, but it might not occur for almost a full interval after that time.   Third, as Squonk notes in the comment, you are using  as the alarm type. Your alarm will be further delayed, until the device wakes up for some other reason. If your  is below 19, you can use  for an exact repeating alarm. Otherwise, use  (pre-API Level 19) and  (API Level 19+) to schedule your alarm, and schedule the next alarm as part of the work done when the alarm goes off. Also, use , if you want to wake the device out of sleep mode to do your work.",,0,872,2,1,1,1
620,Shifting all label values far from axis,I have created a surface plot but problem is that my tick label and axis label overlap each other. Is there any way to shift the label in all axis far from tick labels? I actually need to keep the tick label font bigger so making that smaller is not an ideal for my case., Several ways you can set this  For all axes with  using    Individually (for an axis handle) with  if you do not have an axis you can precede this with   When you create the labels  or for an axis handle    Here is a complete example using some randomly generated data  ,,3,564,4,1,0,1
621,Don't understand why unpacking is not working as expected,Python unpacking not working  Please explain why the former one not working.,"Per PEP-3132, which introduced this ""extended iterable unpacking"" syntax, and the language reference, the ""starred"" target is only valid in an assignment where the target is an iterable.   It is also an error to use the starred expression as a lone assignment   target, as in  This, however, is valid syntax:   So to make that syntactically valid, you could do:  or even:  Note, though, that the idiomatic way to create a shallow copy of a list is with a slice: ",,4,71,4,4,1,1
622,Oauth2 login to Google api with ASP .net core MVC,I have been following Web applications (ASP.NET MVC)  Attempting to connect to one of the Google APIs.  The sample doesn't appear to work with .net core as it cant find FlowMetadata,The problem is that the above sample was not designed for .net core.   clientinfo.cs  Program.cs  startup.cs configure services  add the following to configure as well app.UseAuthentication(); controler  LogOut  Its now logging my user in and i can request data.,1.0,4,3152,4,5,1,1
623,Flutter error: type 'int' is not a subtype of type 'String' in type cast,I am trying to get data from a REST API using a Flutter app. I am building model classes in . Below is my code. main.dart  category.dart (model class)  category.g.dart (the class generated by )  The JSON response to the given URL should be like below.  However when I run my code I get the following error.  Why is this?,Your dateCreated has an int timestamp but your category model has a string data type. Change  and  in the category model to  and  respectively,,1,11588,5,5,1,1
624,How to add a header to a Vapor response (Cache-Control),I have a controller using a get handler that returns a . I would like to add a header to the response (Cache-Control to be specific). I was thinking that it should be easy but I'm not finding how to do it. Which would be the way to add a header in this case? When we are working with  instead of ,To solve the problem you could write your endpoint like this ,,3,161,7,0,1,1
625,Understanding Tensorflow control dependencies,"I am trying to gain a stronger grasp of TensorFlow. I came across the concept of control dependencies. I understand that the order of ops as specified by us is not really relevant to Tensorflow during execution. In order to optimise the speed of execution TensorFlow decides its own order of calculating nodes.  But we can customise order of execution by using tf.control_dependencies. I am not able to understand the use cases of the function. Can anyone direct me to some resource(other than the documentation) or explain the working of this function? An example:  The output of the code is 8. So I infer that since z=x+y,the assign node has not been evaluated(right?). But doesn't this mean that the result of tensorflow may be erroneous? This means we need to create new nodes during every operation to force TensorFlow to calculate all the nodes leading up to the result. But in say training a neural network with 10000 steps if each step creates a new set of 1000 weights/parameters won't the space complexity explode?","In the snippet you have posted,  is not having any effect. The function creates a context where new operations are created with a control dependency to the given operations, but in your code there are no new operations within the context, just evaluation of previously existing operations. In most cases, control flow in TensorFlow is ""obvious"", in the sense that there is only one way to make a computation correctly. However, when stateful objects (i.e. variables) are involved, there are situations that may be ambiguous. Consider the following example:   and  are both variables initialized to  and then updated. However, each use the value of the other variable in the update. In a regular Python program things would run sequentially, so  would run first (so  would be ) and  after (so  would be , because  was ). But TensorFlow does not record the order in which operations are created, only their dependencies. So it may also happen that  runs before  (so  would be  and  would be ) or that both update values ( and ) are computed before the assignments (so both  and  would be  in the end). Indeed, if I run it several times:  I do not always get the same result (personally I get  and , although technically  would also be possible). If for example you wanted to compute the new value for  after  has been updated, you could just do the following:  Here the new value  is computed using , which is guaranteed to be the value of the variable after the update. So here  would have an implicit dependency to the assignment, and so things would work as expected. But what if you wanted to always compute the new values for  and  using the non-updated variable values (that is, consistently end up with both  and  being )? In that case you can use :  Here, the assignment operations cannot happen until the new values for  and  have been computed, so their final values will always be  in both cases.",3.0,8,2681,11,3,1,1
626,Cypress: run only one test,"I want to toggle only running one test, so I don't have to wait for my other tests to see the result of one test. Currently, I comment out my other tests, but this is really annoying. Is there a way to toggle only running one test in ?","to run only one file  or using glob patterns:   Note: you need to wrap your glob patterns in single quotes to avoid shell expansion!  to run only one test in a file You can use a  as described in the Cypress docs  Also, you can do the same with  and  blocks  edit: there's also a nice  extension to make adding/removing 's easier with keyboard shortcuts. It's called Test Utils (works with js, coffee, and typescript): ",8.0,62,26034,90,0,1,1
627,Why is .join returning [object Object],"Why is   returning [object Object]/[object Object]/[object Object] and so on? what needs to be changed in-order for this to work properly? It should be returning positions like 0,0/0,360/0,660. Im not sure if the commas would be in there though. ",How about:  No need to invent your own serialization format.,,0,852,2,3,1,1
628,Reading File Error.. Microsoft Assembly,I am workin on a pretty big program in Assembly I have a bit of a problem in this specific piece of code  I have { 1 2 5 6 } in the opened file but after callin INT 21H it just fills the array with 80241 80241.. Why is this happening :?," from having 1 3 5 6 I have 8241 8243 8245...  That looks like correct data to me.The decimal numbers  when viewed as hexadecimal would be .  is the ascii code for the space character,  is the ascii code for , and so on. So you're looking at the string . It's just that you picked a representation of the data that makes this hard to see.Unless the file is using Unicode or some other multi-byte character encoding you're better off viewing the characters as bytes rather than words.",,0,54,2,3,1,1
629,Ruby: Pig Latin: Method to iterate through multiple words (not working),"Sorry, yet another question regarding the TestFirst.org Ruby exercise to write a 'Pig Latin' method, coming from a newbie. The other answers helped somewhat but I wasn't able to adapt them successfully. The main issue is that I'm trying to write a method to scan through a string of words (not just a single word), modify some of the words (if applicable), then return the full string back.  Below is my code attempting to perform the first part of the exercise, which is to append ""ay"" to any word beginning with a vowel. However, it is not working for me -- seems the .include? never returns true from comparing with a single letter(?) Any help is much appreciated!    "," just iterates through , doesn't change it; in order to update the contents of an array you should use :  The purpose of  is to return the word also when the  condition is not satisfied.  Out of the array manipulating point of view, in most cases the best way to manipulate strings are regexps: ",1.0,2,1312,5,3,1,1
630,Changing CSS from AngularJS,"DOM changes from angularjs controllers are not a good practice. In my application, after clicking on a link, I am changing class of an html element inside ngView. the intended behaviour is, that i have three divs, and I am changing if the middle one is shown or not. I am doing this from a controller. I have read, that doing DOM manipulation should be done in a directive, but my mind is not broad enough to find a solution. Please, if you have a suggestion, I will be glad.","Use ng-class. e.g: http://jsfiddle.net/rd13/eTTZj/75/  Some HTML:  When you click the button, the class of the center div will change depending on the boolen value set within your scope.",,8,8396,9,3,0,1
631,How to cancel start or shutdown jetty if WebAppContext fails to start,"I am using Maven Jetty Plugin, is there a way to prevent the server from starting up or shutting down (for example with maven-jetty-plugin) if ANY bean fails? Here's an example:  I'd like the server to shutdown. I know there's a way that involves coding the destroy method in each bean, but i'd like something global for any bean.",This wasn't easy to thing to accomplish. It took few hours of hard work to find the required information from jetty's source code. Here's the solution that worked with my simple test application that threw ServletException on HttpServlet init method. The key to the success is to set ServletHandler's startWithUnavailable property to false. pom.xml:  context.xml:  TestServlet.java: ,1.0,7,3022,11,3,1,1
632,Multiple actionlisteners in JSF,"I want to use multiple action listener to set state of two backing beans before further processing 1st way:  It give an exception: WARNING: /testGroup/List.xhtml @26,88 binding=""#{testController.nodeListener()}"": Method nodeListener not found javax.el.ELException: /testGroup/List.xhtml @26,88 binding=""#{testController.nodeListener()}"": Method nodeListener not found 2nd way:  Event is null on the nodeListener and prepareCreate methods How to do it correct?","I see you facilitate the traditional approach of guess-how-it-works-using-bare-intuition-and-random-associations-then-act-surprised :-)  only lets you add a whole object as an observer, not an arbitrary method. You can either use  attribute to specify the class name (it will be instantiated by JSF) or  attribute to give an instance of the object that you created by yourself (not a method!). The object must implement . Your second try () is wrong on many levels, but the crux is that the methods are called not to handle your action, but to create the  instance. You have a couple of options:  the sanest one: just make a method that calls each of the target methods. Since they are on different beans, you can inject one into the other. if that doesn't work for you, you can create a method that creates a listener object.  Like this:  and use it like this: ",1.0,7,15615,13,3,1,1
633,On div scroll activate another div's scroll,"Jsfiddle I trying to activate my current scroll while I am outside that scroll, specifically in  here is what I tried: ","It sounds like you want to respond to a scroll on one  by scrolling another. You've already determined how to hook the  event. To set the scroll position of an element (the other ), you set the element's  and  values (which are in pixels). If you want two divs to scroll in near-unison, for instance, you'd assign the source div's  and  to the target . Example: Live Copy | Source Relevant JavaScript:  or alternately (source):  Full page: ",5.0,19,20804,39,3,1,1
634,unable to copy/paste in mingw shell,I just installed MinGW on Windows and I'm unable to copy/paste as I am used to on Linux or even PuTTY. What is the trick for copying and pasting text (e.g. from chrome) into MinGW shell?,"Right-click on the title bar of the command window and select 'Properties', then on the 'Options' tab tick the box for the 'QuickEdit mode', then click 'Ok'. After that you can paste text from the clipboard using the right mouse-button, highlight text while holding down the left mouse-button and copy selected text using the ENTER key. This procedure works on Windows 7/8, not Windows 10.",15.0,99,37476,215,3,0,0
635,Jscrollpane moving content around,I'm a new poster but have used Staockoverflow many a time for help in a tricky situation but this time after much searching and hair pulling I think I need to post.  I'm using Jscrollpane to style a scroll bar on a very basic site. For ages there was a default scrollbar visible at the side of my div but when I added the jscrollpane code it disappeared. I spent ages working through my code and it turns out that the issue is that the content in my div is too long. It's fine for the default scrollbar but with Jscrollpane it just doesn't work. As a result I've taken out some content and it works BUT there's a new problem - if I only have a little content in there all is well but if I have a fair amount of content then the end content is pushed to the top of the div whilst the beginning content and the scrollbar itself actually start near the bottom of the div! I'm not quite sure how to fix this and would be grateful for any help. Also if you know how I can use Jscrollpane with whatever length content I want that would be the best option as I really need a lot of content in this one div! Thanks in advance below are some images to help explain Also my code is currently the default jScrollPane.js code downloaded directly from the jscrollpane site and i'm just calling it using:  where #ts_and_cs is my terms and conditions div where I want the scrollbar to be used. As I say the code works fine so long as the content is short so I just need a way to enable it to allow much much longer content. thanks     ,"Can you put the CSS in an external file and load it before javascript? This is not only good practice but apparently jsp has issues with it as described here: http://jscrollpane.kelvinluck.com/known_issues.html However, the real answer to your problem is to wrap your content in an additional div:  Fiddle: http://jsfiddle.net/H5nVy/1/",,2,582,0,4,1,1
636,Can node.js be used in raspberry pi to stream video?,I just got my Raspberry Pi camera. I want to stream video from the Pi. Would Node.js be the right choice to start looking at ?,"Yes. NodeJS can be used on the Raspberry Pi. Here is a nice tutorial on how to use nodejs on your Pi.  As for should it, I'd probably use whichever technology works well on the Pi and you know how to use. If you already know node then it might be a good fit. Best of luck.",,2,1539,0,4,0,0
637,phpMailer: Send emails to multiple recipients,"I am trying to send emails to multiple recipients.  So far, I was able to retrieve the email addresses in an array. But the mail function somehow does not accept the email addresses. Instead, it gives an error that it needs at least one email address to send an email, and it displays the emails inside the array. Have a look at my code below.  Hope that you could help. Thanks.",Not sure what all that other code is for but something like this should be fine: ,0.0,0,7249,1,4,1,1
638,Binding UITableView Title to Model,"What I try to do is to create a Screen with a TextBox a Button and a TableView.  I have created the xib, added the elements and created outlets for the button/textbox and the TableView. I do have a Core-Project which is a PCL and does contain the ViewModel:  Actually to test, I immediatly start using to models in my list.  The model looks as following:   Than I have created the bindings on the .cs-File of my controller:  As far as I understand, I bound the ItemsSource of my TableView (which is accidentally called ListViewOutlet.. XD) to my ViewModels CardSets-Property.  The CardSetTableViewSOurce looks as following:  And the Cell-Implementation:  So and now the problem: The title is not shown in the list-item. Actually the binding seems to work as the list displays tow items. My binding works on the TextBox and the Button as well. So this is not the problem. Following the debug.Output:  Any idea what could be wrong? I run all this stuff out of Xamarin Studio on Mac. I use the latest stable XS. THe MvvmCross build is about 1 week old.  I do already have added a LinkerIncludePlease.cs-File to add a usage of the Name-Property. But as I am running in the simulator in debug mode with linker completly disabled this should not be the problem.  Update: After eading some tutorials and watching some videos I do have a solution: http://opendix.blogspot.ch/2013/04/binding-viewmodel-to-simple-uitableview.html Resumed I can say:  When you only want to show a very simple UITableView, then use ""MvxStandardTableViewSource""-class instead of writing an own TableViewSource/cells.  When you need a custom cell, then watch the video stuart proposed. You have to create a .xib-File for the cell, and implement the binding in the custom-cell implementation.","It looks to me like you need to create some custom table cells and bind them. For binding table cells, I recommend you take a look at http://slodge.blogspot.com/2013/01/uitableviewcell-using-xib-editor.html The code for this demo has been updated to v3 on: https://github.com/slodge/MvvmCross-Tutorials/tree/master/MonoTouchCellTutorial Further to this:  there's a big demo of tables on: https://github.com/slodge/MvvmCross-Tutorials/tree/master/Working%20With%20Collections the Dilbert sample shows the use of 'standard' cell types - https://github.com/slodge/MvvmCross-Tutorials/tree/master/DailyDilbert ",,1,2150,2,4,1,0
639,Can't get aggregate functions to work,"I'm completely new to Mongo, and I'm having some serious trouble wrapping my head around the Aggregation Framework. I have a document that looks like this:  What I want to do is get sums (since this will need to work with multiple documents) of each item in first.something, each item in second, and then sums of all items in , , , and . So I'm looking for a result like this (pardon my formatting):  Right now I'm just trying to get the first two working, on a single record, and I've got this:  However my output tells me . But if I leave out the  part, it returns the record with int(0) for  and  as shown:  So I can't even get the simple part working. What am I doing wrong here? And is the  even a thing I can do?","I'm no expert in Php but should the aggregation query look like:  Each pipeline operator should be inside a hash/array. Edit However, the above would give you no result because of the  pipeline at the end. There is no  field that is created in the previous pipeline, so no results will match your query. The right solution would be:  Which will give you: ",,0,3713,2,4,1,1
640,Multiple inheritance frome more than one interface,"Let me have a template class ( ), I want to make this class inherit from tow interfaces ( and ), I've tried this:  and I've tried the next code:  but non of them worked correctly, I don't know Why, anyone Can help me to know how I can use multiple interfaces inheritance?","Use the following signature to implement both   and :  Your first example is using the  clause to form a generic type constraint that says ""only accept a type argument that implements   and "". Your second example has invalid syntax. It looks like you're trying to say ""The   takes must implement "". If you want to do that then you must also constrain  in . ",,1,142,2,4,1,1
641,error-safe templating with brew / whisker,"An external program needs an input file with some control parameters, and I wish to generate those automatically using R. Usually, I simply use  to create the long string of text, and output to a file, but the script rapidly becomes unreadable. This problem is probably well suited to whisker,  My issue here, is that there's no safe-checking that  contains all the required variables, e.g.  will silently ignore the fact that I forgot to specify a name. My end-program will crash, however, if I fail to produce a complete config file. Another templating system is provided by ; it has the advantage of actually evaluating things, and potentially this can also help detect missing variables,  However, I am stuck with two issues:   is not ideal, (gives warnings every now and then), or at least I don't know how to use it properly. I tried to define an environment for , but it was too restrictive and didn't know about  functions anymore... even though an error occurs, a string is still returned by the function. I tried to wrap the call in  but I have no experience in error handling. How do I tell it to quit the function producing no output?  Edit: I have updated the  solution to use a new environment instead of , and stop execution in case of an error. ( suggests that it was not the right function to use here, since ""An attempt is made to write output as far as possible to file if there is an error in evaluating the expressions""...)  There must be an easier way with , but I can't understand a single thing in its help page. I welcome other suggestions on the more general problem.","Using regular expressions to retrieve the variable names from the template, you could validate before rendering, e.g., ",1.0,7,301,4,4,1,1
642,sql error not thrown back to caller,"I am new to this forum but please bear with me. I have a c# Windows form which has two checkboxes on it One is called chkThrowError and the other is called chkDivideError, both are unchecked. These controls are purely there to control execution of a stored procedure. I have a command Button with the following Code:  clsBBFinances is my Business Object and the TestError routine is as follows:  Please assume the syntax to be correct and I have a valid SQL connection (sql2008(R2)) This basically calls the following Stored Procedure:  Basically, I am raising an error dependant upon the parameter passed in.. If My first parameteer is non zero, I raise a custom error, and if the first is 0 and the second Non Zero then i execute a divide by zero to generate me a system Error. If Both are zero I do a simple select from Information_Schema.tables, just to finish it off. The purpose of the stored procedure is tocall MY error and a system error. When I call the procedure and my first argument is set to 1, my custom error is raised, which goes through the SQl catch block and is subsequently trapped in my catch block in c#. However, when I execute it with the second argument set to 1, the divide by zero error is trapped in the SQL catch block but it is NOT trapped by the catch block in c#. The code continues as if no error has occured.   I want to be able to catch the second error.. Does anybody know how. Please feel free to paste the above code and try it for yourselves. Forced error  I get the message . Divide By Zero I get the message , is NOT the case. HELP needed please","You're using a SqlDataReader, it reads only one result set at a time. The exception happens in the second result set. So you have to move the reader to the second result set with NextResult(). Then you hit the exception... ",2.0,3,1525,5,4,1,1
643,Track a user that is not logged in,"Is it possible to track not logged in user without using session or a cookie? Is there a more reliable way? Just like www.filefactory.com or other similar download space website, they can track if you are free user and send download request, before starting next download you must wait x time, I was thinking it used session or cookies, but after clearing session and cookie or change IP address, it's still the same.    I'm a newbie trying to create a website, I have to track user before logged in like this example site, I'm using php and javascript set session and timeout to keep catch user status (to write file in dir or ... I've been searching a long time, if anyone knows any tutorial or just a little clue how to do it like this site it would be appreciated..   Thanks!","You dont track who is not logged in, you track whois logged in. So by default everybody gets the link for you must wait xx amount of seconds. If you clear cookies and start a new session, you are still a default user. Now when somebody logs in, you can put in the session that he is authenticated. Then on the page to show the link you check that. Now if this logged in user would clear his cookies, he would become a default user again untill he logs in again.  If you dont want to use session to keep track of logged in users, there are other ways, but most often its not realy needed or even less secure. Another way could be to use the  or keep the information in the query string. Both are less secure in my opion, but could be used. Now if the goal is to prevent free users from downloading two files and need to wait for the second link, you can also make an educated guess if its the same user by combining user information to some sort of hash. EG user-agent, ip-address, location. This will not be 100% accurate, but could give you some idea of a returning free user without sessions.",,3,1027,7,4,0,1
644,How to get Spring RabbitMQ to create a new Queue?,"In my (limited) experience with rabbit-mq, if you create a new listener for a queue that doesn't exist yet, the queue is automatically created. I'm trying to use the Spring AMQP project with rabbit-mq to set up a listener, and I'm getting an error instead. This is my xml config:  I get this in my RabbitMq logs:  And a similar error from AMQP:  It would seem from the stack trace that the queue is getting created in a ""passive"" mode- Can anyone point out how I would create the queue not using the passive mode so I don't see this error? Or am I missing something else?",What seemed to resolve my issue was adding an admin. Here is my xml:  ,2.0,17,38334,11,4,1,1
645,How to know if a process is still running in Python?,"I have been doing some research on this, but all the questions (in my newbie understanding) seem to address how to figure out if ANOTHER program is running, not Python itself. So, I am currently working on a code that generates buffers around a set of lines in a shapefile. It is a batch process that involves20 shapefiles and up to 4000 lines inside them.  The process is taking a really long time, and I am starting to wonder if it is actually working. I usually use print statements to keep track of the progress of my code, but in this case I am calling ArcGIS to do the function so the only print statement I can write is one AFTER all the lines have been processed, not while it's still running. Is there any way to find out if the process is still going on (other than checking the Task Manager to see if it's frozen)? crazy way of doing it I thought of (no idea if something like this is possible): I was thinking of something like writing something  in a txt file every X number of minutes as long as the script hasn't finished running. Thanks!!!! My code:   UPDATE Partial solution, complete code and new issue: I applied qwwqwwq's suggestion, which works great for the function I mentioned before. The thing now is that when I run the rest of my script (what I showed before was just part of it so you wouldn't have to read so much) some of the other functions don't work. Here is the complete script:  Specifically, the error appears when it gets to :  producing this error:  Does anyone know what might be the source of this error? Thanks!","I would try using multithreading:  Your thread will execute the function , and the control thread will monitor that thread to make sure that it is still executing your target function, executing a  statement to let you know that all is well.",2.0,0,8190,2,5,1,1
646,How can we make the NSTimer to run in background for my audio player in iOS,"I am making a audio player in iOS and i have made the audio player,and i am updating the duration of currently playing song using NSTimer,but the thing is that if my app goes in background the timer stops .  Is there any way by which i can run my NSTimer in background ,in order to update the currently playing song current duration. How apple is running their Audio player in background? MPMediaPlayer and AVQueuePlayer progress slider, with time left and time elapsed.","If your app is in the background, nobody will see the update anyway. Just make sure you start the timer again when the app is coming into the foreground, and you'll be fine.",,0,298,3,5,0,0
647,Get url variables from url to form with jquery,"I have a html form which only shows a price, but don't submit anything to the server. This works fine now. How can I add the function of running this form just from url variables, so you don't have to click the submit button if you are coming to this page with url variables? Something like this: www.my-domain.com/formurl/?smoker=yes&amount=500000&age=20 should display the price when the page is finished loading, and change the form values according to the url variables. Here is my html:   ","to fill  form URL  To send data to server, you can use ,  or  jquery Replace    by   using :  or   or  ",,1,6603,8,5,1,1
648,"Why does Math.Pow(-78.0921, -64.6294) return NaN?","I have two values:  and . Now, when I want to compute  it returns NaN. What should I do? How can I solve this problem? How should I calculate this power? Is there any other function that can calculate this?...or maybe it is not defined mathematically ?","You've tried to compute a number that is not real. By not real I mean, if we tried every single number between the largest number and the smallest number you can think of, none of those numbers is the solution to -78.0921 to the power of -64.6294. In fact, no real number is the solution to -1 to the power of 0.5, or the square root of -1, and in general for a^b if a is negative and b is non-integer, the result is not real. The inability to express such a useful result in real numbers lead to the invention of complex numbers. We say , the imaginary unit, in the complex number system - all complex numbers have a real component and an imaginary component, expressed as . In general, no negative number to a fractional power produces a real result, as it will have some component of i in it - the closer to a .5 the power is, the more i, the closer to a .0, the more real, and the path follows a circle between real and imaginary, e.g.  Read more about complex numbers: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Complex_number  If you wish to work with complex numbers in C#, try http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/system.numerics.complex.aspx However, unless complex numbers have some meaning in your problem domain (they are meaningful in many electrical engineering, physics and signal analysis problems, for example) it's possible that your data is wrong or your logic is wrong to be attempting to do such a thing in the first place.",,3,4167,14,5,1,1
649,Slick2d Image object not displaying correctly?,"I just started using the Slick2d game library (following this guide). For some reason the whole frame is black. I don't know what's wrong, because I'm getting complaints from neither Eclipse nor Slick2d. Here is a screenshot of my project tree:  Here is the Game.java source:  You can find  over here. This is :  And finally, just in case you didn't believe me, here is the running application: "," and  are the culprit, the leading  states you want to start at the base of your filesystem, an absolute path.  Try using:  This path is relative to your project, should work. Also, draw calls need to be made within render method.",,1,1312,1,6,1,1
650,Python - Extract and reformat field names from rows of data,"I have a flat text file (infile) that I would like to restructure. It has a few tab-delimited columns and looks something like this:  and I want it to look like this:  You can see that the second column actually contains several semicolon-delimited  header/value fields, and I want to restructure them into typical column header rows.   Right now I have:  I am thinking the best solution will to now loop over the line_meta variable, use use regular expressions to detect header names (detect strings which start with multiple capital letters and ends with ""=""_), add each header to a dictionary as a key, and then store the rest of the string as the value.  Then, for the next row, if the same header is detected just append to the existing dictionary.   Can anyone help with this code or provice feedback about how to proceed? Thank you EDIT:  Thank you for your responses.  I simplified my data for this example, but here is what one of the actual meta columns looks like (still ; delimited, but values types are mixed):    ","You could just use one regular expression to split out the key=value pairs:  This expression uses named groups, but you could do without those if you find it easier to read:  The  group is a non-capturing group; it is only used here to demark what the  or symbol applies to. The pattern matches uppercase characters before the  symbol, and anything that is not whitespace, a  or  character, provided that there is a  or the end of the string right after the value. This splits out keys and values for each line:  This can easily then be turned into a dictionary:  You can then write these with, for example, using :  Demo based on your real data sample: ",1.0,1,1098,3,6,1,1
651,Accessing managed object in a c# callback passed to a native dll,"I'm trying to pass a C# callback function to a native dll. It works fine, but I couldn't find a way to access the parent object of the callback method. Here's a code which demonstrates what I want to do:  I tried getting the pointer of  but I got the following exception: ""Object contains non-primitive or non-blittable data."". I should probably mention that the parent object is a WindowsForms form. UPDATE The dll is written in Delphi and the signature of the Test function is the following:  I received the above error message when I tried to get the pointer to the class with the following code: ","You are over thinking this. The C# marshalling will create a thunk around your delegate. You must not attempt to do so. On the Delphi side write it like this:  Simply remove the . On the C# side your delegate is:  The method that you use for your delegate looks like this:  And then you call into the native code like this:  So, let's put it all together. On the Delphi side you can write:  And on the C# side: ",,2,722,4,6,1,1
652,Laravel 4 Validation,I use the following rules for validation on creating a new user:  When updating an existing user I use the same ruleset as shown above but don't want a validation error if the user didn't change his email at all. I currently resolve this by using the following:  It feels like a dirty workaround to me so I was wondering if there are better alternatives. Also note that the  method is something I wrote myself. Does anyone know if there is a native Laravel 4 method for checking whether a model property has changed? Thanks!,"The unique validation rule allows to ignore a given ID, which in your case is the ID of the data set you are updating.  http://four.laravel.com/docs/validation#rule-unique",2.0,6,7370,9,6,1,1
653,Using two Knockout view models for one page,"I'm setting up two view models  in knockout.   I'm able to get the information from administrators in the view, but unable to pull anything out of definedRoles.  When I add an alert inside of the .getJSON function for roles it is returning data. It seems something is wrong between creating the RolesViewModel and when I call it like so:  Can someone point me in the right direction? "," can only be called once per section. If you don't pass a second parameter, the section is the entire page. If you have a specific section, like a , you should pass it in as the second parameter. Or, you can make one viewmodel for the page, with a property for both lists, and just bind your page to this single viewmodel. I recommend this approach. That code might look like this:  Remember, since  only needs to be called once, you should do it as early as possible. Calling it from ajax methods is generally a bad idea for a couple reasons. One, the ajax method is no longer reusable as an update call; and two, other page functionality has to wait until the ajax method has returned to start working.",,4,3282,8,2,1,1
654,Regular expression metacharacters \w and \pL in PHP,"In version 5.3.4 - 5.5.0beta1, are  and  equivalent?  Try the above snippet in the Online PHP shell","It looks like when you use the  modifier in PCRE regular expressions, PHP is also setting  flag in addition to  flag, causing Unicode properties to be introduced into  and the other POSIX character classes, instead of just the default ASCII characters. From the man page on PCRE:  PCRE_UCP This option changes the way PCRE processes \B, \b, \D, \d, \S, \s,  \W,   \w,  and  some  of  the POSIX character classes. By default, only ASCII   characters are recognized, but if PCRE_UCP is set,  Unicode  properties   are  used instead to classify characters.  This is then confirmed in the PHP source code (lines 366-372), where we see this:  So, from the same man page that I linked above, you'll see that when  is set, the character classes become:  \d  any character that \p{Nd} matches (decimal digit) \s  any character that \p{Z} matches, plus HT, LF, FF, CR \w  any character that \p{L} or \p{N} matches, plus underscore ",2.0,4,1568,8,2,1,1
655,HttpURLConnection Closing IO Streams,"I am new to Java and HttpURLConnection. Should I close the opened IO streams before dropping the connection. If I close the streams, should I need to drop the connection as well? Which is the proper way of implementation? ","You should call  on the input/output/error streams when you are finished using them. Disconnect is more complicated.  According to the javadoc for :  ""Indicates that other requests to the server are unlikely in the near future.""  This is recognizing the fact that HTTP 1.1 spec has a ""persistent connection"" feature that allows the same TCP/IP connection to be used in a sequence of requests to the same server.  (This happens transparently.)  When you call , it is likely to be taken as a hint to close the connection.   So from a resource and performance perspective:  it is good idea to call  if you aren't likely to send another request to the same server,  it is a bad idea if another request is likely in the near future. ",,3,6496,8,2,1,1
656,Passing a pointer of inaccessible private base type to the derived class method,This code example would describe the language feature I find non-intuitive.  Compilation of this code with Apple LLVM version 4.2 on Mac produces an   Replacing  with  would make it build but I don't understand why should I use absolute class name here. Is it a language feature that is there to avoid certain kind of errors or is it just a dark C++ grammar corner like requirement to put space between angle brackets () in templates parametrized with other templates. Thanks!,"Human talk I 'll start by describing what happens here -- forgive me if you already know this, but it creates necessary context for the follow-up. The compiler resolves the unqualified  to  (the result will be the same if you make the change at source level yourself). Since  is inaccessible an error message is emitted. You are proposing that the compiler should detect that  is inaccessible and the reference to  should then be considered a reference to  as a fallback. However,  and  may easily be two entirely different things. Automatically guessing what should be done here is not only prone to introducing bugs and/or hair-pulling¹, but also completely contrary to the spirit of C++. Standardese Confirmation that this behavior is conformant and by-design, directly from the C++11 standard. §9/2 says:  A class-name is inserted into the scope in which it is declared   immediately after the class-name is seen. The class-name is also   inserted into the scope of the class itself; this is known as the   injected-class-name.  This means that inside the scope of class ,  is an injected-class-name. §3.4/3 states that the injected-class-name is a candidate for name lookups:  The injected-class-name of a class is also considered to be a member   of that class for the purposes of name hiding and lookup.  §3.4/1 clarifies that the inaccessibility of the base  does not prevent the injected-class-name  from being considered:  The access rules are considered only once name lookup and function   overload resolution (if applicable) have succeeded.  §11.1/5 gives a direct explanation of the exact situation under discussion:  [Note: In a derived class, the lookup of a base class name will find   the injected-class-name instead of the name of the base class in the   scope in which it was declared. The injected-class-name might be less   accessible than the name of the base class in the scope in which it   was declared. —end note ]  The standard also gives this example, which is equivalent to yours:   ¹ Imagine what happens if  is initially a  base, then later becomes  during a refactoring. Also imagine that  and  are unrelated. You would expect that a call like  (which used to work) would fail because  is no longer accessible, but instead of this the type of  has changed behind your back and you now get a ""there is no method "" error. Huh?!? And that's of course far from the worst that could happen.",,13,249,11,2,1,1
657,SQL Update after Joining Two Tables,"I am new to SQL, using Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio. I am trying to write a SQL statement that performs an update after two tables are joined. I have two tables:  and . Both share a field , which is going to be the field that I join on.  contains a column called . And MyTable2 contains a column called . I want to set  in  to be 1 where  in  is 1 as well. Here is what I have:  So first I tried to join the two tables  and  on their IDs, and store the result in a temporary table. Next, I want to update  to be 1 where  is 1. So to do that in the temporary table, I have:  This updates the  successfully in #temp_table. However, when I do a select on , I find that  is not changed. I suppose this makes sense as #temp_table isn't really a ""pointer"".... But what would be the correct way to approach this join and update?","You don't need to use a  here, since you are checking on a condition from table 2, so an  should be better here. ",1.0,12,69754,30,2,1,1
658,How garb all gets and posts (during HttpWebRequests & HttpWebResponses) in a simple windows application,How can i garb all gets and posts (during HttpWebRequests & HttpWebResponses) in a simple windows application using with c#? as you know there is a specific extension for firefox named LiveHTTPHeaders. i want something like that but not for a specific browser such as firefox. i want it for all browsers and codes for a windows application!     thanks in advance,"Fiddler works with all browsers, it acts as a proxy so allows you capture and inspect all HTTP/S traffic. http://www.fiddler2.com/fiddler2/",,0,46,0,3,0,0
659,How to Proxy Custom Element (Web Component),       How can i Proxy custom element? When i try it: .,"You can either Proxify a class or an instance of a Custom Element. Given the following Custom Element definition:  Proxy for a Custom Element instance Create a Proxy from an instance reference (here: ):   Proxy for a Custom Element class Define the  trap to catch the  operator:  Get a Custom Element instance Proxy from a class Proxy If you want to instanciate a Custom Element and get one Proxy object directly, you can combine both solutions above. The following example shows how to get a Proxy for element  that will log in the console each property access. The  trap defined in the class Proxy returns itself a Proxy for the instanciated Custom Element.      ",5.0,14,1332,9,6,1,1
660,Remove class from span tag,"I have  tag which consist of multiple  child span  elements. I want to remove all the class from the child elements. How can I achieve this kindly suggest. Using Jquery I need to remove sll ""chosen"" class ",There are two ways  First if you want to remove a specific class using .removeClass  Second If you wants to remove all classes .removeAttr  Please find below snippet as well for more info       ,,-4,3856,0,7,1,1
661,How to use unobtrusive javascript when you have parameters coming from back end?,I hava an anchor that nowadays are coded like this:  I know that I can do it in an unbstrusive way by using jQuery with something like below:  What I don't know is how to pass the parameters that I have in the obstrusive way. I thought about doing a form with 's hidden but that was rejected because the HTML file would become a lot bigger since this is a list comming from the server.,You can put an attribute on that element and access it with  in your event callback ,,0,25,1,8,1,1
662,How to create only one game with a boolean field true for each provider,"The models I have: Category:  Provider:  Categorization:  Game:  The  table has  field that is boolean. I need that only one game for each provider could have that boolean field set to true. If I had to make that only one game could have a boolean field = true, I would do smth. like this:  So, what is the best way to solve this issue? Thanks ahead.","You don't want to look at all , you only want to look at the ones for that categorization.  EDIT You can also specify  (above requires Rails 3.1 or later) Which will let you do... ",,0,38,1,9,1,1
663,Verifying calls with ref parameters using Moq,"How can I verify that the ""CallWithRef"" method was called using Moq? ","This has changed for the better in Moq 4.8.0, see the other answer here for details on !  Calls to  in Moq perform a strict equality check for  arguments.  When the argument is a reference type (like in your example), the argument matcher that Moq uses succeeds only if the actual and expected values are the same reference.  This is because it uses  to verify equality. This behavior is mentioned (although it could be a little more thorough) in the Moq Quickstart:  In your example,  actually returns  in the end, so you're comparing  to the new instance of a  created in , which according to the matcher's implementation will fail. This is obviously a toy example so I can't suggest what you should do, but if you modify  to accept the list rather than create its own, you could test it like this: ",,4,4674,7,3,1,1
664,"Facebook SDK: not ""opened"" session state while creating WebDialog.FeedDialogBuilder","I faced to such a wierd bug while implementing Facebook share info. I made all stages as they are described on Facebook tutorial Facebook tutorial - share info but while I was trying to create example of WebDialog.feedDialog        I caught FacebookException!       As I can understand from logs the main trouble is that result of Session.getActiveSession() should not be null and should be opened but as I see session has status only CREATED!  But I made all the stages as Facebook tutorial said! Help, please!",After investigation I solved my problem: 1) Before creating feedDialog I should check if Active Session is opened and if not then I should directly open Active Session      2) and call publishFeedDialog() in Session.StatusCallback      ,,1,1760,7,3,1,1
665,ASP MVC 5 Attribute routing not registering routes,"Overview I'm currently trying to get attribute routing to work with my api controllers.  It doesn't appear to be working, and I'm unsure why.  I'm not sure if I'm missing a crucial step, or what the problem could be. Problem I'm trying to hit localhost/api/user/custom?test=1 but I get a 404  (I expect this to work) If I hit localhost/api/customapi?test=1 I successfully get into my method Why does the first url not work? Setup My setup is as follows: CustomController.cs  WebApiConfig.cs  RouteConfig.cs  Global.asax.cs ",I was using the wrong namespace in my routes. ,,4,4945,12,3,1,1
666,MySQL Select WHERE IN and LIMIT by number of rows,"I have a table which looks like this  Using a select where in query i would want to select userd, value and time but limit the total number of rows pulled for each userid My SELECT query,  This query outputs all the values like so  I would hover want to limit the number of rows for each userid to two to get an output like so  I tried using limit but that limits the number of rows for the entire output. Any suggestion or pointers will be deeply appreciated.","You can use a rank query to limit rows per user  Above query will give rank to each record for same user like user 1 has 3 records the they will assigned  rank as 1,2,3 and if user 2 has 2 records then rank will be 1,2 for user 2 and in parent query i am just filtering the records according to the rank that return only result where rank is less than equal to 2 for for each user only 2 rows with rank 1 and 2 will be returned  ",,0,120,0,4,1,1
667,"Apache, url rewrite","I have the following  file inside my root directory:  So as you can see its a pretty much simple way to redirect users of mobile devices to  and if that is the case I change the , few notes:  The reason I duplicate the same  is because I can't use them outside  blocks. The way I redirect() is not the question and I'm pretty sure not the best way, but if anyone have suggestions I'm all ears.  The problem: If I access  on desktop browser there will be internal redirection to:  but I won't see  at my url bar as expected. The exception: If I access  my url bar is now . I was expecting the same behavior as the desktop (internal redirection not redirection I can see on my url bar), I'm pretty sure its because the DirectoryIndex but I don't how to prove it or solve this issue, if anyone have a solution I will be very thankful.","The main issue with your code is that you're feeding it with an URL that is not the same as the current URL then, what happens is that it ignores the internal and make it an external redirect. Another very important thing is that you forgot  to match against the mobile browsers. Here is an idea to resolve your issue: ",,1,249,1,4,1,1
668,Iterate all the script tag in a HTML page to find match of a regular expression,"I am writing a Greasemonkey script to find all the matches in 'script' tags' 'src' attribute using regular expression, if one match is found, put the content of 'src' in an array. For example:  My regular expression is   My question is that I could I get them in an easy way? I am trying some JavaScript like this:  Which definitely won't work. But I think there should be a easy way like this to go through all the script tag.",Can you access the DOM? Then the  method should help you. Use it to find all the script tags and then apply your regex to filter them (if necessary).,,0,1102,1,4,1,1
669,How to start and stop an application within Django,"I have build an application outside of Django which i would like to interact with Django. So within a view in Django i would like to start and stop this application. While the application is running it will return a JSON string which has to be pushed back to the view and processed client-side with JavaScript. The application is pretty much blocking as it is a while-loop running until it has been killed. It is very important to stress that this is an experimental project and wont be used in production, so it has to work and nothing more than that as i intend to use this for one demonstration. So to sum it up, i want to (1) start the application from the view, (2) the application runs and returns JSON values to the view and (3) at any given time i should be able to kill the application (while-loop in this case). Another option is to use for example Tornado, but it seems very comprehensive for such a simple test..",Have you tried django-celery?,,0,145,1,4,0,0
670,PIL / Python 3 Porting Impressive,I'm trying to port Impressive to use it with python3. At some point there the LOGO has to be loaded. The LOGO is hard coded. So it would look something like this:  When trying to port this to use with python3 by changing the line to:  I get the following Error Message  I read a bit about StringIO und BytesIO. Wasn't able to find a solution yet though. Edit: Loading images from disc is not a problem.,"You need to use  instead of ,  instead of : ",,0,319,1,4,1,1
671,one way encryption oracle,"is there a way to do one way encryption for password in oracle? i'm passing in password from a textfield and would like to call a stored procedure in oralce and inside that stored procedure, it would encrypt the password. Thank you","Encryption is, by definition, two-way.  You would never encrypt a password.  I expect that you really want to hash the password.  And you wouldn't want to just hash the password, you'd really want to combine the password with some sort of random salt and hash that. You'd use the  function to compute the hash and the  function to generate the salt.  Something like  See also this askTom discussion (which starts off using the older  package rather than the  package) for more background on why you'd use a hash, the benefits of salting the password, etc.",,0,334,1,4,0,1
672,Java - How to show Soap Fault,I have this kind of response when having a Soap Fault calling a Java Web Service  I did an Soap Handler with its handleFault method like this: public boolean handleFault(SOAPMessageContext context) {  But in my output all I have is :  How do I process the errors node? Update: with  I get the text within the xml. How do I get that as an object. It be a WaybillRegistrationFault I think.,"if you want to print fault content as a xml string , you must convert the dom instance returned by the fa.getDetail() to String , fa.getDetail().toString() return [""+getNodeName()+"": ""+getNodeValue()+""]"" not the content of the xml. try the following; ",,2,11282,-1,4,1,1
673,Issue in Prolog Programming,"Hello I am new in Prolog and trying to write small program in Prolog in order to learn it.... I have written a program to remove the positional element mean remove(List,2,Ans) will remove all the elements of position 2,4,6,8.... from the list... below is my logic  but every time I run it is failing when finding add. below is the trace of the program that is have for a particular instance  Does anyone know where the problem is?","Hope you can find your way in your code. I think the better way to learn a language is actually debugging it... lurker' comment already put you on the right track. But I want to show how using builtins can change your perspective (this is of course true for any language, not just Prolog).  edit when you  no rule can be matched, specifically T cannot be a list and the number 1  that said, I'm not sure how you should correct the code...",0.0,1,117,1,5,1,1
674,Replacing a varying string after search criteria using SED,"Inside a shell script amidst error checking loops, I have a command that contains a variable that must be updated once an hour.  The command as it exists currently is (the line begins with a \t):  In this case, I'm trying to replace the number that's after ""-O"".  This is a temperature in Fahrenheit, so it has the possibility of being a negative number or a positive number, and one, two, or three digits followed by a single decimal place.  So I have to be able to replace a variable that could be ""-15.0"", ""7.2"", ""104.5"", or any other combination - with a new variable that could also be any of the above. I can force the ""-O"" setting to be the last thing on the line, which helps some.  But I can't count on anything else on that line except the file name, the ""-d /dev/ttyUSB0"" and the ""-O"" always being there.  In this particular shell script there are no other instances of ""-O"", but I might want to verify that the line has either the file name or the ""-d /dev/ttyUSB0"" on it to avoid replacing a flag on some other line in the script. The new variable is parsed (via xmllint and sed) from an XML file grabbed via wget once an hour.  This shell script I need to edit is ran by cron every 5 minutes, only receiving the new string once an hour.  The new string can be passed to sed via a variable, or as a file with only the number and a \n in it. Any thoughts or brilliant ideas would be appreciated.  Thanks.",You can use this  command:  Pattern  will find literal  followed by 0 or more spaces and then the non-space string.,,0,120,1,5,1,1
675,mysql_query or (why no echo here?),Why is it not ok to do a echo after the mysql_query or? so  is legit but why  not? Is there any other possibility to print text (or maybe fill a variable) without exiting the whole following code?,"Within the  you can use either;  or . It would be much better if you did something like the following, as it would allow you to;  Log the error Report the error to your developers Kill the page appropriately (maybe redirect to a page set-up to handle status code 500)    Please note;  The mysql_ extension is deprecated as of PHP 5.5.0, and is not recommended for writing new code as it will be removed in the future. Instead, either the mysqli or PDO_MySQL extension should be used. See also the MySQL API Overview for further help while choosing a MySQL API. ",,-2,444,2,5,1,1
676,Run TCL script in regular intervals with continuous results,"I have encountered a problem in one of my TCL scripts. I need to run it in an infinite loop with a terminating condition and in every loop I need to write some output. This is the basic code that im using:  The expected behaviour is that every second there will be a new output until $end == $roof. But instead after running this script, the console window is busy for 10 seconds and after that time, the entire output prints out at once. Thank you for your advice :)","The problem is that you don't flush . If you modify your script so it flushes :  It will work. You can also change the buffering of the  channel to none, the default is :  If you write more than one line, the default buffering will flush stdout when it encounters a newline, but you never write a newline.",1.0,2,448,3,5,1,1
677,How to write a brute-force algorithm?,"I'm currently looking for a bruteforce algorithm and I just can't find a good/simple one. So I tried to write one myself, but I failed. I'm just too bad at math or whatever. :/ I don't need the algorithm in a specific programming language, if you have one, I can probably port it to the language I need it in. I'm basically looking for something as simple as this: (my attempt to write a bruteforce function)    It's written in Lua, you can run the code online here: http://www.lua.org/cgi-bin/demo The output is:  As you can see some outputs are the same and the minimum length is not being considered. Also, the order is wrong. I wanted the output to be: ",Unfortunately I don't know LUA but I think idea is clear from this JavaScript snippet:  UPDATE: Snippet without recursion: ,1.0,1,8051,5,5,1,1
678,CheckBox in ListView being reset when it leaves the screen,"I have followed the tutorial here to create a custom  that shows items with category headers. I have modified the  to put a  in the item:  My problem is that if I check some of the  then scroll them off the screen, when they come back they are unchecked. However  still shows that the item is .  I'm pretty sure that my problem is with the  method in my custom :  I think that I have two issues here, though I have no idea how to solve either:  Using  every time is causing android to constantly create views which is bad (not sure about this). I tried to only inflate it if  but then sometimes  would be in the wrong format, ie.  when it should be . Is it fine to inflate it everytime? I think that inflating the view each time is causing the  to be reset, although I may be wrong about this.  So how do I make it so the CheckBoxes will stay checked when the leave and return to the screen? And will this method fill Android's memory with Views if the the list is sufficiently long? Update: I liked @user3815165's answer because I didn't need to store the  value for a  which doesn't have a checkbox. But as I mentioned in a comment, since the  list is not in the context of the Activity then the values of whether each  is checked or not persists when the view is destroyed and creates bugs. So I decided to go with @Palash's answer, even though it stored data not needed (only a single  value for each  in the list). It works perfectly.","you need to maintain a status array of type boolean in your activity, pass that array into your list adapter and while setting the checkbox check status of that position, also you need to update that status array likewise on click event of checkbox. try this you will get the desired output.  In your main Activity ",,0,1454,0,6,1,1
679,How do I stop focus from changing when I reset EditTexts?,"My fragment has a Reset button that clears some EditTexts and puts default values in others. When this happens, focus goes to the last EditText that was given a default value (and sometimes makes the screen scroll). I would like no focus to change. Is there a way to prevent focus change while the screen is resetting?  EDIT: As requested, here is a sample of my layout file which demonstrates how views are organized (full file was 700+ lines). All EditTexts are nested like these examples. Notice that my EditTexts are nested either 1 or 2 layers within the RelativeLayout within the ScrollView. Therefore, for their common parent, they are grandchildren or great grandchildren.    ","I would take all the views that currently are on screen, and get the view that currently has focus. Update to reflect your XML Update Revised Again After taking a deeper look at the XML Something like:  The biggest problem with this method Directly from Android Docs:  public final boolean requestFocus () Added in API level 1 Call this to try to give focus to a specific view or to one of its descendants. A view will not actually take focus if it is not focusable (isFocusable() returns false), or if it is focusable and it is not focusable in touch mode (isFocusableInTouchMode()) while the device is in touch mode. See also focusSearch(int), which is what you call to say that you have focus, and you want your parent to look for the next one. This is equivalent to calling requestFocus(int, Rect) with arguments FOCUS_DOWN and null. Returns Whether this view or one of its descendants actually took focus.  Hope this helps. If you are using dynamic views and do not have an xml file with all the EditText's you will have to wait until after your entire view has been created before getting the child count because it would return 0 by default since this parent layout would know nothing about dynamic views.",,0,593,1,6,1,1
680,Improve performance on sending bulk emails through spring-mail,"I have a spring-stand alone application which uses  simple spring email code as below , the  and the  is constructed using the values iterated from map.  I have already had some suggestions for the question here , but i am in need of some specific advise for this. below is my code  Code for sending mail :  It takes 3 to 4 seconds to send mail . I have large user list of around 400,000 each day to be sent  Am i doing anything wrong or anyother approach to fasten this process. I am in need of experts advise  Thanks for your time and help :)","IMHO, the process of sending mail itself can be improved, because currently, you open an new connection to  mail server per message. You could improve it by using batched sending. Spring  interface natively supports sending of an array of messages instead of a single one, so you do not have do explicitely deal with JavaMail Session. You could simply modifiy the class actually sending the mail that way  Edit: The  method may be called in several places. First, it must be called in the destroy method of a singleton bean to make sure no messages are forgotten when application closes. If the class sending mail is a singleton bean, it is enough to declare that the destroy method for the bean is , or calls it. Then depending on you own business rules, it may be called after a batch of mails have been sent. Typical usage : in you example, you have . You should rewrite it that way :  Now it is up to you to see if this improvement is enough or if you should outsource.",1.0,0,6079,4,6,1,1
681,.click() not working on a specific index,I'm creating a dynamic menu where I can add and remove a new form.   The problem is that clicking on remove never triggers the alert box. Thanks,"The problem is that the element is added later and doesn't exist when the dom is loaded.  Therefore the click event has to be delegated from an already existing element, e.g. like this:    Instead of  every other static parent element can be used for event delegation, just as example.   Update for the comments: as mentioned,  only as example. I'd also prefer to use $(""#form1"") here like mithunsatheesh suggested.  And for reference: https://api.jquery.com/on/#on-events-selector-data-handler, section ""Direct and delegated events"":    ""Event handlers are bound only to the currently selected elements; they must exist on the page at the time your code makes the call to .on().""   Update for the correct index: you'll get the correct index using e.g.    with the adjustment to use  as class instead of  for the remove-button. IDs have to be unique, so classes are a better solution.  starts counting with 0, so you'll get 0 for the first one.   As working example: Fiddle",,2,204,6,6,1,1
682,tar removing leading '/' from member names,"I got an error when I append >  to tar command, anyone know what's going on in second example? good:  bad: ","The ""good"" version is also displaying the same message you've just missed it. If you don't like the behaviour, search for ""leading"", in manual. First hit: ",2.0,16,55167,15,6,1,1
683,Scrape values from HTML select/option tags in R,"I'm trying (fairly unsuccessfully) to scrape some data from a website (www.majidata.co.ke) using R. I've managed to scrape the HTML and parse it but now a little unsure how to extract the bits I actually need! Using the  library I scrape my data using this code:  This leaves me with (Large) XMLDocumentContent. There is a drop-down list on the webpage and I want to scrape the values from it (which relate to the names and ID no. of different towns). The bits I want to extract are the numbers between  and the name following it in capital letters.  Ideally, I'd like to have these in a data.frame where the first column is the number and second column is the name e.g.  etc. I'm not really sure where to go from here. I had thought to use regex and match the pattern within the text, though I've read from a number of forums that this is a bad idea an that its better/more efficient to use the xpath. Not really sure where to start with this though other than thinking I need to use somehow.","The very new rvest package makes quick work of this and lets you use sane CSS selectors, too. UPDATED Incorporates the second request (see comments below) ",,2,4098,4,7,1,1
684,Overlaying graphics on top of OpenGL render context,"I am trying to overlay graphics on top of my OpenGL render scene. I have managed to get it up and running but the drop in FPS is somewhat too much. I am currently using GLScene in combination with Graphics32. What I do is to render the GLScene Rendering Context to a bitmap, apply that bitmap to a TImageView32, and do some final UI touches inside the TImage32. The code I am using to render to a bitmap is the following, which also reduces FPS is:  I have tried some other code (see below), which gives me a realtime rendering, but I can not modify the ""Bitmap"" property of the ImageViewer32. In other words: The GLScene Rendering context is being rendered, but none of my own graphics is rendered. The code:  How can I properly overlay graphics on top of the rendering context, or copy the rendering context output, without losing FPS?","Well, by avoiding the whole GPU→CPU→GPU copy roundtrips. Upload your overlay into a OpenGL texture and draw that over the whole scene using a large textured quad. OpenGL is not a scene graph, it's just a somewhat more sophisticated drawing API. You can change the viewport and transformation parameters at any time without altering the pixels drawn so far. So it's easy to just switch into a screen space coordinate system and draw the overlay using that.",,4,1114,8,7,1,0
685,How do you declare python variables within flask templates?,"I've got some basic experience building websites using a LAMP stack. I've also got some experience with data processing using Python. I'm trying to get a grip on the mongodb-flask-python thing, so I fired everything up using this boilerplate: https://github.com/hansonkd/FlaskBootstrapSecurity All is well.  To experiment, I tried declaring a variable and printing it... I get this error message:   Here's my main index.html page  I love learning new things, but man, can I ever get hung up for hours on the simplest of things... any help would be greatly appreciated!!!","Flask uses Jinja as its default templating engine. The templating language is python-esque, but is not python.  This is different from something like a phtml file, which is php interspersed with html. Check the jinja documentation for more of what you can do, but here's how you set a variable within a template:  http://jinja.pocoo.org/docs/2.9/templates/#assignments",,7,8058,8,0,1,1
686,Checking validation results in Keras shows only 50% correct. Clearly random,"I'm struggling with a, seemingly simple, problem. I can't figure out how to match my input images to the resulting probabilities produced by my model. Training and Validation of my model (Vanilla , re-trainined for 2 classes, dogs and cats) are going fine, getting me close to 97% validation accuracy, but when I run the check to see what I got right and what I got wrong I only get random results. Found 1087 correct labels (53.08%) I am pretty sure it has something to do with the  which produces random batches on my validation images, although I DO set  I just save the filenames and classes of my generator before I run them and I ASSUME that the index of my filenames and classes is the same as the output of my probabilities. Here's my setup (Vanilla VGG16, with last layer replaced to match 2 categories for cats and dogs)      This is the definition of the generators, for training and validation. I did not yet include the data augmentation part at this point.  Finetuning the model goes fine  As is the extraction of the validation data  Now, when I calculate the success of my validation set by comparing the expected labels and the calculated labels, I get something that is suspiciously close to random:  Found 1087 correct labels (53.08%) Clearly this is not correct. I suspect this is something to do with the randomness of the Generators, but I set shuffle = False. This code was DIRECTLY copied from the Fast.ai course by the great Jeremy Howard, but I can't get it to work anymore.. I am using Keras 2.0.8 and TensorFlow 1.3 backend on Python 3.5 under Anaconda... Please help me retain my sanity!","I met a similar problem before, I think  is not friendly, so I write a function to test the data set. Here is my code snippet:  I use  convert image to numpy array as Keras do, I test all images and save the result into a json file. Wish it helps.",,2,407,0,1,1,1
687,r simple way to merge 2 columns with not NA values,"How to merge this into 1 column?  I just want to get All values from b into a without NA. So a should be: ""1"", ""2"", ""3"", ""4"". (Now is the need of choosing columns from more than 2 in df) This works not good: ",We can use    Or with  ,,-2,977,0,1,1,1
688,How to check for 2 different format in a column using pandas to_datetime func?,"I want to format a column with 2 different datetime format using to_datetime  In order to read the CSV File i used  The two format is then defined for to_datetime  and  I then attempted to convert two different format by running these two code in succession  However when  is used the datetime changes but NaT is used as the format is different  however, when  is used nothing changes  Am I doing something wrong here? ","You have several problems with your code:  The value of  parameter can be ,  or  (not  otherwise  is used) The  is incorrect because contains  for hours which should start from 01, not 00 as in your sample.  However fixing above does not give working solution. But is not that OK for you to use pandas builtin functionality to parse datetimes?  where  turns on guessing of format based on input data ~~~ UPDATE ~~~ I see the way to recognize using two different formats like this (note that I have tested it on 4 fake entries): ",,0,500,0,1,1,1
689,mapStateToProps returns no data,"In my top-level component App.js, I have  My reducer is handled this way:  I combine my reducers:  The idea behind this is to have an initial dataset that the app can use and persist.  In a child component that displays the information in the dataset I access state:  But when I console log I see an empty array:  This is a React Native app using React Navigation. What's going on?","After a lengthy chat I've figured out what was wrong. Unfortunately for many of us, React, just like native JavaScript, is very good at letting you place your code improperly. You were configuring your route within a component and had plenty of logic in the life cycle functions, one of which was dispatching data to the store which was never reaching your reducers. Your problem can be solved, as proven in our chat, by separating your  code inside your  to a dedicated  file and then importing and adding the same function to   inside your . And finally, on  of  you invoke the action by   Your code does not seem to follow any conventions recommended by Reacts developers themselves. If you want to improve your React's programming skills along with your programming skills in general, I recommend you the following Udemy course by Stephen Grider. ",,0,386,0,1,1,1
690,Default Lifetime for token generated for reset password by a IUserTokenProvider,Does anyone know what the default lifetime of a token generated by  is? I'm using  to generate a token for resetting a password. But I can't seem to find out how long it will last for. I understand it can be set on the   by setting the property   Does it last forever for a token generated using EmailTokenProvider or is the default 24hrs?,"After some of our users complained of invalid email tokens, I ran a few tests on the EmailTokenProvider and all of them came back at about 8 minutes, give or take a couple seconds. This is consistent with my own experience testing Asp.Net password reset forms manually and with the reports from our users.",,0,610,1,1,1,0
691,Verifying a test for multiplication-overflow,"I have implemented the following function for detecting whether or not a multiplication overflows:  I have verified it empirically, but would like to ensure that:  Is it 100% guaranteed to work correctly (i.e., no false-positives and no false-negatives)? Is it 100% guaranteed to work correctly for any other  type?  Thank you.","No, it is not guaranteed to work correctly. For example,   It produces  after truncation to 32 bits, which passes your test. But multiplication overflows. To test for overflow on multiplication you can simply check  provided  is not zero.",1.0,1,71,1,1,1,1
692,IIS Redirect http on port 8880 to https on port 8443,"I am rather struggling here. I've seen lots of answers for 80 to 443, but I'm really stuck with 8880 to 8443 for our control panel. An example of a URL that needs redirecting: http://udweb01.servers.unreal-designs.co.uk:8880/admin/home?context=home It should result to this: https://udweb01.servers.unreal-designs.co.uk:8443/admin/home?context=home Note the http -> https and 8880 -> 8443. The current rule we have is this:  But that doesn't seem to do anything. Any ideas?",Your rule should be like that:  In this rule you have condition  which will accet only http host with port 8880,,0,3081,1,1,1,1
693,Form re-submitting in Edge browser,"I have a simple form one button and a gridview. When the user clicks the button their name and the time they clicked is logged. I am using a meta tag to refresh the page every 30 seconds. It works fine in IE, Chrome, and Firefox but, on Edge browsers when it refreshes it gives the user a pop up to resubmit every time to resubmit and logs them again every time.  Is there a setting or something special about edge in relation to meta tags?"," if someone else figures out why the meta tag fails in Edge...  I've found a few reasons why the META tag doesn't work in Edge browsers.  Security Settings:  There is a security setting in internet explorer that does not allow meta tag refresh. It is under the Security tab, then choose Custom Level and the Meta Tag Refresh under Miscellaneous. If that is disabled, it would stop the meta refresh from working.  It might need you to specify the URL in the Content: <meta http-equiv=""refresh"" content=""30;URL=http://www.Stackoverflow.com""> The META tag is not an empty tag and does not have a closing tag in HTML, only in XHTML.  So HTML:  XHTML:   Ref.  I'm afraid even with all these potential solutions it still wont work in Edge.  A good workaround is using progressive enhancement like you've done with the Script Manager, another method is using Javascript directly here: https://davidwalsh.name/meta-refresh-javascript   Use JavaScript as your primary means for automatic page refreshes and a META tag as your fallback. ",0.0,4,672,1,1,1,1
694,SQL - MYSQL One query recieving set limit on different column values,"Lets say i have a table with a set of different columns (offcourse), Example :   Is it possible, in 1 query to select 4 rows where col1=1 and then select 4 rows where col2=1 and then select 4 rows where col3=1 etc etc. I think you understand what i mean. What i have done so far is to make 4 different queries OR make one query and just do a (col1 = 1 OR col2=1 OR... etc).  This works but if i limit that result to lets say 16, then i might get 15 rows with col1=1 and maybe 1 row with col2=1 and then col3,col4 - no result.  So dear fellas; is there a way to do this in 1 query (i think not)"," This will get you one result with 16records max. If there are less then 4rows for a certin criteria, you'll get less rows. Duplicates will be removed, resulting in less then 16 rows. Not different rows. If for a single row , then it might be returned twice if you use , but just  is slower with large datasets",,0,122,1,1,1,1
695,Check if associative array element exists in bash,"In a bash script, I have a locale in a variable like so  I also have an associative array like this  I want to check if  element with the key  exists I thought this should work but it doesn't:  any ideas on how otherwise I can test for this?",I managed to solve the problem by checking if the variable is not an empty string instead. Example:  Output: ,3.0,0,3534,1,1,1,1
696,Enumerating a user's groups in Java,"In a stored procedure in DB2, I need to look up information about user-groups. DB2 does not have built-in functionality for this, so it seems I need to write a user-defined function or user-defined procedure for this. In practice, that has to be written Java. So, in Java: How do I query which groups a user is member of, as seen from the operating system? Alternatively: Given a group name, get a list of group member usernames. The approach must work on Linux (it would be nice if it were operating system agnostic, but that's not important). The approach must respect whatever authorization integrations are configured in the operating system. In other words: If the operating system has been set up to use SSSD for user authorization, then the Java code should not rely on being able to find group memberships in the /etc/group. So I want to be able to do the equivalent of the ""id USERNAME"" or ""getent group GROUPNAME"" Linux shell command from Java. Python has the ""grp"" module for this kind of task, but I haven't found something similar for Java, yet. Preferably, the solution should rely on as few external libraries as possible. It would be best, if it only rely on APIs which are part of a reasonably modern JRE.","There is no ""clean"" to way to do this in Java.  Java does not have any standard APIs for enumerating a user's groups.  Your options would be:  implement a native library wrapper that called the  C library method, and then call it from Java via JNI or JNA use java.lang.Process to call an external program to get the information query LDAP or Kerberos / AD or JNDI from Java  The last one only works if the system uses LDAP / Kerberos / JNDI and you have the appropriate credentials, schema configs and so on.  These make this possibly the hardest approach ... and in practice just as non-portable as the other approaches.",,-1,485,1,1,0,1
697,Jmeter master slave in AWS on demand,"I was hoping to get some help/suggestions regarding my JMeter Master/slave test set up.  Here is my scenario: I need to do load testing using Jmeter master slave set up. I am planning to launch the master and slave nodes on AWS (window boxes, dependency on one of the tool I launch via jmeter). I want to launch these master-slave set up in AWS on demand where I can tell how many slave nodes I want. I looked around a lot of blogs around using Jmeter with AWS and everywhere they assume these nodes will be launched manually and needs further configuration for master and slave nodes to talk to each other. For the tests where we might have 5 or 10 slave nodes this will be fine but for my tests I want to launch 50 instances(again the tool I use with jmeter has limitation that forces me to use each jmeter slave node as 1 user, instead of using 1 slave node to act as multiple users) like this and manually updating each of the slave nodes will be very cumbersome. So I was wondering if anybody else ran into this issue and have any suggestions. In the mean time I am looking into other solutions that will help me to use same slave node to mimic multiple users, which will help me to reduce the need to launch these many slave nodes.  Regards, Vikas",Have you seen JMeter ec2 Script? It seems to be something you're looking for.  If for any reason you don't want to use particularly this script be aware that Amazon has the API to you should be able to automate instances creation by using a script AWS Java SDK or Amazon CLI.  You can even automate instances creation using a separate JMeter script with either JSR223 Sampler  or OS Process Sampler (this approach will require a separate JMeter script of course),,0,878,2,1,0,0
698,HibernateTransactionManager @Transactional(propagation=REQUIRES_NEW) cannot open 2 sessions,There is one batch job looking like this:  However I occasionally get the below error if the  collection is big enough.  ORA-01000: maximum open cursors exceeded   I decided to blame  and  methods as they could end up in creating hundreds of blobs in one transaction. The obvious way out seems to be splitting processing into multiple transactions: one for getting and locking entries and multiple other transactions for processing and persisting. Like this:  and now whenever  is called I get:  Caused by: org.hibernate.HibernateException: illegally attempted to associate a proxy with two open Sessions   How do I make  do what  javadoc suggests: suspend current transaction and start a new one?,In my opinion the problem lies in the fact that you have retrieved the entities in the top Transaction and while they are still associated with that transaction you try to pass them (proxies) to method which would be processed in a separate transaction. I think that you could try two options: 1) Detach the entities before ivoking :  then inside inner transaction try to merge:  2) Second option would be to retrieve ids instead of entities in the . Then you would pass plain primitive fields which wont cause proxy problems. You would then retrieve proper entities inside of the inner transaction.,0.0,3,278,2,1,1,1
699,Where to find chunks in haskell?,"I'm trying to follow this tutorial: https://wiki.haskell.org/Tutorials/Programming_Haskell/String_IO. In the last part 7 Extension: using SMP parallelism I copy the code but it fails to compile with this error message  I searched for chunks at Hoogle and got Data.Text.Internal.Lazy, but this seems to be an internal module. And I couldn't import it anyway. Here is the code:  And here is the compilation line:  --  Update: I write my own version of chunk based on this quest:How to partition a list in Haskell?  Still, does this means that the tutorial that I'm following is very old and out of date!? Can anyone confirm if that function already existed some day or if I'm missing something? Regards,",Looks like the tutorial just forgot to define . I encourage you to update the wiki to include a suitable definition.,,0,148,3,1,1,1
700,"Can one deploy to Heroku, if only a Windows user without admin access is available?","I am working using a university computer, where I have a user account that does not have Windows admin access level. This throws a stone in my way, because I can not go through the Windows installer for Heroku CLI / Heroku toolbelt. How can I now deploy to Heroku?  ","Yes, you can do it by using https://c9.io/, Its development environment, in the cloud so you can transfer your files to c9 and then you can deploy to Heroku. You don't need any software except browser",,1,721,3,1,0,0
701,"jQuery function chaining with class based conditional, Possible?","So I have a block of jQ that swaps out some classes and adjusts the style of a button when triggered by the user. It looks like this,  This works as expected, however, I have another case where a button might have a contextual  class and I would like to determine if that class is present on the  element. I thought I could do;  But I get an error, ""... removeClass() is not a function"" I also tried with  in place of  and I don't get the error but I do not get the expected result of the other 3 classes being removed leaving the  class. Is this a logical workflow with chaining, do I have the right expectations or am I asking too much form jQ? Thoughts much appreciated.  Html markup for good measure, Just a simple bootstrap button group ", returns a boolean so what you want to use is  which will return the matched elements. ,,0,59,3,1,1,1
702,Converting to unix timestamp Python,"I am trying to convert a datestamp of now into Unix TimeStamp, however the code below seems to be hit but then just jumps to the end of my app, as in seems to not like the time.mktime part. ",Change    to   as an example I did:  and got  ,1.0,5,19027,11,0,1,1
703,Rename an IAM Role,"I made a typo while creating an IAM role to allow a lambda function to access the cloudwatch logs and to create EC2 volumes snapshots. Is there any way to rename the role, whether by using the console or the AWS CLI ?","You cannot edit IAM roles after the role has been created. This is mentioned in several places, including when the role is created through the IAM console.  And in several places in the docs.  For Role name, type a role name to help identify the purpose of this role. Role names must be unique within your AWS account. After you enter the name, click Next Step. Role names have character limitations. The number of roles in an AWS account and the policy size for policies attached to roles are also limited. For more information, see Limitations on IAM Entities and Objects. Note that you cannot edit the name of the role after it is created.  It is not possible to edit the name via the console or AWS CLI.",1.0,14,6433,21,0,0,0
704,How to make overlay when image hover,"So, I have gallery that contains some photos. I want to make when the image hovered then some information of the person is shows up, the name of person and the their role.        I used overlay to make the info shows up, but why the text is not in order and its not on the photo? I want its in the middle bottom on the photo. any suggestion? thanks before.",below is updated snippet        ,,0,158,0,1,1,1
705,How to use values (as Column) in function (from functions object) where Scala non-SQL types are expected?,"I'd like to undertand how I can dynamically add number of days to a given timestamp: I tried something similar to the example shown below. The issue here is that the second argument is expected to be of type , however in my case it returns type . How do I unbox this / get the actual value?  (The code examples below might not be 100% correct as I write this from top of my head ... I don't have the actual code with me currently)   I tried casting:  But this did not help either. So how is it possible to solve this? I did find a workaround by using :  While this works, I still would like to understand how to get the same result with .", The above syntax should work.,0.0,2,744,0,1,1,1
706,How to read only data from a file (ignore strings)?,"In java, how can you read only data from a file, and ignore the strings preceding it? Please guys, I did a lot of research but I couldn't seem to find it. Here is a sample textfile:  Now as you guys can see, I just want to read the numbers. My current code is the following, but I run into an InputMismatchException due to obvious reasons (It reads string first instead of integer):  Thanks for your help in advance!","I would do it like this:  read a line parse the line, determine which part is the label and which part is the data use the label to determine how to store the data  Don't use , use . You would need to do a lot more error checking than I have included here, but I would do it something like this: ",,-1,70,0,1,1,1
707,Vue 2 Component Access Loop within a Loop - instance/scope issue,"I am making my first Vue 2 component (within a Laravel 5.3 app) but run into a instance/scope problem which I have spent hours trying to solve, but just cannot get it to work! My component generates a list of orders and within each order there is a list of users (advisors). I want to be able to select a user for an order and then assign the user to the order. The latest version of my component looks like this;  I do not get any errors, but the functionality does not work (I just need to update  to the relevant order, I am sure I'll be able to figure the rest out). I am sure I am missing something really simple, anyone got any pointers? Thanks","After some discussion in your question's comments we were able to break down your problem to this:  You are rendering a list of items. This list is an array of objects. There is some functionality in the rendered item that allows you to change the corresponding object in the array.  But how is it possible to update the corresponding object in the array? Below is a snippet demonstrating a solution.        Here is the outline of the solution:  To update the array we need to find the index of the item you want to update then update it.    The component is actually passed the items as a value in the prop , however it is not recommended that you mutate props directly   In addition, every time the parent component is updated, all props in the child component will be refreshed with the latest value. This means you should not attempt to mutate a prop inside a child component. If you do, Vue will warn you in the console.  – https://vuejs.org/v2/guide/components.html#One-Way-Data-Flow Therefore we create a proxy of the items in the component's data method.  All mutations of data in  will occur in . Hopefully the above will help resolve your issue. However one suggestion I would make:  It may be better to break down your list items into their own components. This will mean every item will have their own scope, you won't have to proxy the items and you won't have to do complicated splicing and object creation with spread.  Below is an example of this.       ",,1,1127,1,1,1,1
708,Android runtime exception. Unable to start activity,"I am working on a very simple wallpaper setter. The app works fine on emulator, but does not work on device. I've tried the app on other devices too, and the result is same. MainActivity.java:  activity_main.xml:  Error log: ",You cannot have to additional namespaces in one file:  and   Remove  from  tag and replace each occurence of  with .,,0,37,1,1,1,1
709,Nock - Bodies don't match,Why does Nock give me an error saying that bodies don't match?? here is my code.   I get this response when I use the  I have no clue why it tells me bodies dont match. I get this specifically. ,"There is an open issue at github that you currently are not able to use .delete(url, data). But you can fix it easily like this:       If you call .send(data) instead of passing data into .delete method it works just fine.",,0,899,1,1,1,1
710,How to retrieve a mapped exception from jersey?,"I've used an  on the server side, putting the custom exception in the Response's body. How can I retrieve the original exception on the client side, and throw it to the caller?",You can serialize the exception and include it as a part of the response:  Then on the client side you should do just the opposite:  Unmarshal the (maybe JSON) response Decode the base64 encoded exception to a  De-serialize the exception   Create a  Create  Just  the exception Do whatever you want with it on the client side    PS: This can be achieved without any buffering (i.e. without the s) -> just use a  as  and write to the provided output stream instead of a . The same applies for deserialization on the client side.,1.0,0,61,1,1,1,1
711,"Node returning error - ""route is not defined""","I'm brand new to node and just running through a tutorial I found. I punched in the code as written, which as I understand ought to be importing the route function from the router file. However, the server encounters an error on trying to load the page returning the error in the title. Here is my code:      While I'm asking, can anyone explain how the server.start(router.route) line is working? I thought that start function didn't take arguments."," While I'm asking, can anyone explain how the server.start(router.route) line is working? I thought that start function didn't take arguments.  ^ That's why it isn't working.   is undefined in the start function. Change the start function to: ",,0,95,2,1,1,1
712,"Ansible hangs on action in handler, but works fine with action in task (reloading pf)","I'm attempting to reload pf as part of a role to provision a FreeBSD server after copying a new pf.conf to the system.   When I do this step independently as a task as part of it's own playbook, it works flawlessly.  However, when I have exactly the same action as a handler, ansible always hangs during the execution of that handler.   The play that succeeds:  (I included the echo as a test, as I thought it might be succeeding because the reload was the last thing the play was doing, but it works fine). The handler, which fails is:  The handler definitely gets called, and it starts to work, and then it just hangs.  (When I run pfctl -sa on the system, it shows me that the new pf.conf was actually reloaded.  So it's working, it's just never returning and therefore making the rest of the ansible run not happen). Below is the debug output of the handler running, but I don't see any errors that I can make sense of.  There is no timeout as far as I can tell; I've let it run for 30 minutes before I Ctrl-C.    I've also tried a lot of other ways of reloading pf.. using the service module, using command: service pf reload, and they all have exactly the same effect.  I've also attempted to make the handler async, with  with no change. Does anyone have an idea as to why my role with the handler fails, while a straightforward play with tasks succeeds?  And more importantly, how can I get the handler to work properly? Thanks in advance! (I should note I'm using Ansible 2.2.1).","This seems to be more an issue with PF not with ansible, give a try again to your playbook but this time use this on your :  You can indeed also test by login to the instance and just run:  where  contains , it should not log you out or your current session should remain active. What probably is happening is that your pf rules are dropping/flushing existing connections when applied therefore your SSH (ansible) hangs.",,1,338,2,1,1,1
713,Change another div's background color on click of div with angular2,"I have a component on the page which has following divs  I have another div on the same page as  When i click on any of the div above, i want to get the selected color and apply as a background-color for the 2nd div.  How to do with angular2?",You can use the below code   Typescript method  LIVE DEMO,,0,2980,3,1,1,1
714,Is it possible to get the list of SonarQube groovy rules,Is it possible to get the list of groovy rules the way we can get java sonar rules via https://sonarcloud.io/api/rules/search?languages=java webservice,"Groovy Plugin is not installed on SonarCloud. Just install SonarQube locally, install the Groovy Plugin and navigate to the Rules page of your local instance (and/or obtain rules via the WebAPI).",,0,173,2,3,0,0
715,Python str mapping permutation with some limitations and special conditions using recursion,"Given a string as input I need to change the a's to t's, c's to g's, u's to a's and g's to c's [ a-t, c-g, g-c, u-a ]. And another special condition is that there can be at most of two instances where u's convert to g's and/or g's convert to t's [ u-g, g-t]. As as example -   In the output,  No special changes One special change 2nd character u to g One special change 3rd character u to g One special change 4th character g to t Two special changes 2nd and 3rd character Two special changes 2nd and 4th character Two special changes 3rd and 4th character  I thought of it like this,   start from the beginning of the string convert a-t and c-g. If u or g is found, check how many specials have been previously encountered, if less than two, then treat as special, increment previously encountered counter, create two new searches recursively from the next location of the string one with special considered and other not  The code that I came up with is(in Python) -   Output  This is giving me 25 outputs, with not a single correct one and also some are of length a lot more than the size of the string. Where am I going wrong ?","The problem you are trying to solve here is a kind of recursion with track-back with some limitations. Your code is close to the solution but:  It is not Pythonic and so hard to understand. Next time improve your readability. When you tackle a permutation problem you should use a  to avoid duplicates. In your solution you used  which will give you duplicate prints (if there are any). Most importantly when you called the recursive function you pass it the  variable which was modified before and now is not valid anymore.  To explain point number 3 let's take a look at your code:  Here for example, assuming that  thus far, you call  for the first time with  and for the second time with  which I'm sure is not what you intended. A working solution:  Prints out:  Edit: Regarding point number 1. It is clear (to me at least) that you have some background in programming and the ideas of algorithms and functions are not entirely new to you. Having said that, it is quite obvious that you are somewhat new to Python. Python should be an easy to write - easy to understand language. A ""pythonic code"" is a piece of code that is written as simple as can be utilizing  the power of the standard library of Python.  Understanding the types in Python.  This line of code uses indexes to iterate over a string. In Python a string is already an  object. That means you can just do this:  And assuming that  is a string, everything will go as planned. Readability.  This line of code is used to decide the content of the  string in the  place and handles both uppercase and lowercase cases. I bet that you will agree with me that  is much more readable. So in combo with my previous note, all you have to do beforehand is  which will make all letters lowercase and reduce the number of comparisons by half (this 'half' prediction is not entirely correct but you get the idea). Use built in mechanisms.  This line passes the whole string as a parameter plus a numeric parameter which tells the function from where to start. The best practice here is to use . This mechanism allows you to pass only a  or a window if you will, of the original string. That way you don't need the extra numeric parameter. If I want the next call to the function to iterate over the string starting from the  location I can just do:  This syntax means  and when one of them is omitted that means from the start \ all the way to the end. More on slices. Naming conventions is something else you should read about.  Summing up There is plenty more and even the more experienced ones with Python learn a thing or two every day. I really recommend Code Review. That is the best place to sharpen your Python writing skills.",0.0,3,88,2,3,1,1
716,Failure for Gdiplus::Bitmap::FromHICON,"I'm trying to convert a  to  by calling  as shown below.  I created a windows icon by calling , and verified the icon is valid by drawing on screen.  Surprisingly, I still got a  pointer. I revisited the win32 documents but cannot find what I'm missing.  Does anyone have some idea? Thanks:)",You need to initialize the GDI+ engine using the GdiplusStartup function first: ,,0,112,2,3,1,1
717,"PowerShell ""get-childitem2"" size over ~3.5gb","This link points to Get-Childitem2, a function which allows traversing the 260 character limit. https://gallery.technet.microsoft.com/scriptcenter/Get-ChildItemV2-to-list-29291aae#content. It's a great function which works really well, however, it misreports file sizes over ~3.5GB which is the whole reason I'm running it. I'm at pains to admit I'm just not good enough to find and fix the code so it accurately reports file sizes over ~3.5GB. I imagine it's somewhere here; as there doesn't appear to be an 'nFileSizeHigh' option:  I've chosen this over Robocopy and AlphaFS as I've had various issues with both. Example of file size issues: get-childitem C:\Temp\Huge: (correct size in bytes)  3166720000 - sp1_vl_build_x64_dvd_617403.iso   5653628928 - server_2016_x64_dvd_9327751.iso   4548247552 - it_English_-3_MLF_X19-53588.ISO  get-childitem2 C:\Temp\Huge:   3166720000 - sp1_vl_build_x64_dvd_617403.iso   1358661632 - server_2016_x64_dvd_9327751.iso   253280256 - it_English_-3_MLF_X19-53588.ISO ","From this documentation  The size of the file is equal to   And at the top of the script (line 92) is a mention of nFileSizeHigh, but no attempt to add it into the file length. So I can only guess the script is buggy and wasn't tested on files larger than [DWORD MAX] which is [uint32]::MaxValue, or about 3.5GB. If you change the two lines up at the top to  instead of :  and make the length calculation more like the documentation link:  then it handles a file of ~7GB correctly in my quick testing. Why it's going through string formatting to convert to int64, and how it should be done properly, I don't know, this is mostly trial and error until it worked.",1.0,2,508,5,3,1,1
718,ASP.NET Core 2.0 Preview 1: How to set up Cookie Authentication with custom login path,"In ASP.NET Core 2.0 the .UseAuthentication() middleware has a breaking change that no longer allows the old syntax mentioned here to work. The new version appears to deal with config in addAuthentication, but I can't find any details anywhere on how to change my old code that specified a custom login and logout url.  Any help would be appreciated...","Updated as this has changed slightly again in the 2.0 RTM bits It turns out it's a lot easier than expected, but as the official documentation hasn't been updated yet, here is exactly what works for plain Cookie auth: Configuration: In  configure the specific Authentication mechanism:  Then in  to actually hook up the middleware:  Using the Auth Components Then to use the actual Auth components the logic has shifted from the  object, down to just  in application logic like controller code:  or: ",3.0,11,11211,13,3,1,1
719,Making a Javascript click function for model objects formatted in Django Tables2 that shows related divs,"I'm trying to make a Javascript function involving a django-tables2 table featuring model objects that will show relevant information when clicked. Here is the relevant code: models.py  tables.py  views.py  all_my_student.html  What I want to do is make a Javascript function that's basically like this: As you can see, the ""detailed"" class divs are hidden from the start. When you click on a row in the model object table, the ""detailed"" class div with an id that matches that of the row (or basically corresponds with the same model object in both the table loop and the second loop) will show, and the rest will still be hidden. I hope that it's clear.","As a sidenote, if the queryset used in the table is the same as  there is no need to pass  separately to the template context, you can just use . I would hide the  blocks using CSS, and not using JavaScript, as if you do use JavaScript, they might be visible for a slight moment when the page loads. You should try to avoid adding  attributes to too much html elements. In your example, you add the student id as an  attribute to both the table 's and the  elements. The HTML spec requires ID's to be unique in the whole document, so if you want to use them, make sure they are unique. It's better to use data attributes. In the example below, I added the attribute  to both the table row and the  element. You can now select  to get the details div element for student with id = 12:  Alternatively, you could add the required data to  attributes of the table and create the details view in JavaScript. That maybe would make the generated HTML a bit smaller.",,0,324,0,4,1,1
720,How to execute maven main class with required user libraries?,"I created one maven project in which only one class is available. I want to use jnetpcap API in this class. For this purpose, I followed jnet eclipse setup tutorial with Setup 1 approach (user library) and created one user library and added it to my project.  JnetTest.java - This class is same as jnetpcap clasic example My system is Ubuntu 16.10. I'm using openjdk version ""1.8.0_131"". Library creation steps -   I downloaded 1.3 version jar package, source package and javadoc package of jnetpcap and added libjnetpcap.so, jnetpcap.jar, jnetpcap-src-1.3.zip, jnetpcap-javadoc-1.3.zip to lib folder created under main project folder. created new library. Java-> Build Path -> User Libraries -> New -> Give Any Name. Add jar file. Add external jars -> workspace radio button -> selected lib/jnetpcap.jar fulfill the required dependency. expand jar -> source -> edit -> selected lib/jnetpcap-src-1.3.zip. javadoc -> edit -> selected lib/jnetpcap-javadoc-1.3.zip. Native library location -> edit -> selected lib directory. -> APPLY -> OK add library to project. right click on project -> Build Path -> Configure Build Path -> Libraries -> Add Library -> User Library -> select newly created library.  Note - I didn't added vm argument to my main class. i.e. -Djava.library.path=""location to parent directory of .so file"" After that I right click on my project and clicked on a run as a java application. This will work in eclipse fine. Actual problem - I want to run this maven project on one different machine with command line only. How I can run this project using command line?  My approach -   I added below plugin in pom.xml for main class configuration.  I used mvn exec command to run my main class   But I got below exception -   My approach is correct or not to execute my project's main class? If yes then what will be the solution to my problem? If no please suggest useful approach. ","JnetPcap requires you to reference two libraries in your project:  The JAR file containing the Java interfaces you can use from your code (jnetpcap.jar) The native library that exposes OS specific functions to the Java library (i.e., libjnetpcap.so or jnetpcap.dll)  The exception that you are seeing indicates that you are missing #2 at runtime. In this case, you have two options to make the library available to your application:  You can find out which directories are on your path on Ubuntu by echoing the  system variable:  Simply copy the native library into a directory that is already included on the system path. Alternatively, you can pass the location of the library using the  argument to Java. Assuming the library is in a directory called  inside your maven project directory, use the following configuration:  To execute this, simply run: ",,1,1264,1,4,1,1
721,Mapping row-wise sorted dataframe to original column labels (Pandas),"I am facing this problem involving dataframes, so after spending a lot of time on Google, I am opening a question here. I am having a Dataframe -  I want to sort every row in descending order, but instead of saving the values, I want to save the corresponding column name. Sorted dataframe would look like this -  What I ultimately want is this structure below, which corresponds to the column indices of the sorted dataframe   -  I am sure there will be a simpler one liner solution to this problem, without coding an explicit ","Apply , sort the indices, and then index into . ",,2,395,1,4,1,1
722,Calculated sum correct in HTML but not saving to Firebase?,I am able to get the sum in the HTML correctly with following codes:  I am using Firebase to save data with AngularFire service provider:  The problem is after saving the firebase data shows array:  I want the sum of selected values to show not the array… Is there any way to do the calculation in HTML itself or controller for selected value… Following is the controller formula:  Kindly suggest before I break something... :),"Try something like this:  Currently, you are saving the array.",,0,55,1,4,1,1
723,check if array has the user inputted value,I am using an input field to put user inputs in an array. I want to check if the user inputted number is already in the array or not. And if it is in the array then the input should not be re-added. Here is my attempt.  With the above code it says undefined in the console log. Please help me find where I am wrong in this. Thanks a lot :),"you can do   to check whether it lies in the array or not or alternatively you could use oks as an object and check if a fiels of a similar value is defined or not, which should be more efficient   is being initialised on every request, hence it is always empty, initialise it at a parent/global scope, you should use ",,1,65,1,4,1,1
724,How To Secure Erlang Cluster Behind Private Subnet,"I am testing Erlang and have a few questions related to Security of the Distribution.  (There is a lot of mixed information out there)  These type of questions come with lots of opinions related to situations, and depends on personal comfort level on the type of data you are dealing with.  For the sake of this question, lets assume it is a simple chat server where users can connect to and chat together. Example Diagram:  The cluster will be behind a private subnet VPC with elastic-load-balancing directing all connections to these nodes (to and from).  The elastic-load-balancing will be the only direct path to these nodes (there would be no way to connect to a node via name@privatesubnet). My question is the following: Based on this question and answer: Distributed erlang security how to? There are two different types of inner-communication that can take place.  Either, directly connecting nodes using built in functionality, or doing everything over a TCP connection with a custom protocol.  The first is the most easiest, but I believe it comes with a few security issues, and I was wondering based on the above diagram if It would be good enough (Er, okay, Good Enough is not always good when dealing with sensitive information, but there can always be better ways to do everything ...) How do you secure and Erlang cluster behind a private subnet?  I would like to hide the nodes, and manually connect them, and of course use cookies on them.  Is there any flaws with this approach?  And since a custom protocol using TCP would be the best option, what type of impact does that have on performance?  I want to know the potential security flaws(As I said, there is a lot of mixed information out there on how to do this). I would be interested in hearing from people who have used Erlang in this manner!","On AWS, with your EC2 nodes in a private subnet, you are pretty safe from unwanted connections to your nodes. You can verify this by trying to connect (in any way) to the machines running your code: if you're using a private subnet you will be unable to do so because the instances are not even addressable outside the subnet. Your load-balancer should not be forwarding Erlang node traffic. You can do a little better than the above using some security-group rules. Configure your nodes to use some range of ports. Then make a group ""erlang"" that allows connections to that port range from the ""erlang"" group and denies the connection otherwise. Finally, assign that security-group to all your Erlang-running instances. This prevents instances that don't need to talk to Erlang from being able to do so.",,4,224,1,4,0,0
725,How do I get the application name of a process in Windows?,"I'm trying to search for running processes based on their application name in my Java application. I believe on Linux this is possible using ""ps -ef"" and then using grep to filter. The output I get on Windows using tasklist.exe /fo csv /nh is  All Java processes are listed as ""java.exe"" and I cannot differentiate between two different applications. Is there a way to obtain the application name of a process via the terminal similar to how it is displayed in the task manager.  I have accepted vvtx's answer although it does not necessarily answer the question, it provides a solution for what I wanted to do. This only works for Java applications so if someone has a solution for obtaining application names that are not Java processes it would be greatly appreciated.  I am re-opening this question because the answer given only works if the user has a JDK installed, this may not necessarily be the case. The end-user could have only the JRE",On Window's command line use: ,,0,1230,1,4,1,1
726,Python Parsing csv file containing ip and ports,"I'm working on small project that parse csv file so csv file I'm working on should contain IPs with opened ports separated with commas 192.168.10.45,80,443,20,21,8080 192.168.10.49,22,80,21 So, I am trying to read this file then write an output file for each port that contain IP addresses for ip with that port opned. e.g. 22.txt should contain  192.168.10.45 192.168.10.49 Any idea how I could do that or a good reference. I am still noob in python3  Thanks in advance!",I did not use the csv lib because your csv has no header and has a variable number of open ports. It is easier and less code / deps. this way. VERSION 1 without csv package  VERSION 2 with csv package  sample input: test1.csv  sample output: ,,0,1488,2,4,1,1
727,How do I store the string value from input field in an empty array?,"I'm having trouble storing input values from  tag in  into array of strings, I can't figure out how am I suppose to do that. I have an idea on how that might look like, however I still can't get it to work. I believe that I have to use  and  method and  or  operator, it's just I do not know where to put them. The first thing I did was searching on Google  but I only found on how to do it using  tag in  and I can't do that. I can't use the  tag.  Here's the code that I think should look like             I also need a piece of code that will delete the value that was typed in a  field right after the  button is pressed, so that the user doesn't need to press  in order to type the second input value.","Here is a working code snippet. When you click the submit button, that will call the  function. Since your array is defined to be global, you can access it within the function. You do not need to iterate over the array, and you can simply use the  method to easily append a string to your array.        Hope this helps!",,1,2016,3,4,1,1
728,spring boot cache not support kotlin?,"I'm try to replace some java code with kotlin. Such as jpa or cache. The Start class is:  The simple controller:  CacheService:  cacheManager:  I can confirm the parameter of id entered in CacheService's method save, but after I have excute the PutMethod, there is nothing in redis. When I write the cacheServie with java like this, the redis would be save what I want. The Java cache service like this:  I have also read some article like this: https://pathtogeek.com/spring-boot-caching-with-kotlin My SpringBootVersion is  and kotlinVersion is ","Thanks all, I have fix it by make the cache method open  Spring generated proxy with cglib. It must mandatory inherit the classes and methods.  But kotlin default is  and method which without the keyword .",,2,1908,4,4,1,1
729,Integer or list to list,"I'm trying to convert a value that may be formatted as an integer or a list into a list. For example  If I just put the variable in brackets, it creates a 1D list from an integer, but creates a nested list if it already is a list. There are lots of ways to do this with if or try statements, but there must be an easy one-liner I'm overlooking? The following function returns the desired value, but is a recursive function really the best way to do this? ",Something of this sort should do: ,,-1,43,4,4,1,1
730,Depth offset in OpenGL,What would be the best way of offsetting depth in OpenGL? I currently have index vertex attribute per polygon which I am passing to the Vertex Shader in OpenGL. My goal is to offset the polygons in depth where the highest index would be always in-front of the lower index. I currently have this simple approach modifying . ,"The usual way to set an automatic offset for the depth is   When , , or  is enabled,   each fragment's depth value will be offset after it is interpolated from the depth values of the appropriate vertices.   The value of the offset is ,   where  is a measurement of the change in depth relative to the screen area of the polygon,   and  is the smallest value that is guaranteed to produce a resolvable offset for a given implementation.   The offset is added before the depth test is performed and before the value is written into the depth buffer.   If you want to manually manipulate the depth then you have to set  inside the fragment shader. gl_FragDepth, Fragment Shader:  Available only in the fragment language,  is an output variable that is used to establish the depth value for the current fragment.   If depth buffering is enabled and no shader writes to , then the fixed function value for depth will be used   (this value is contained in the z component of ) otherwise, the value written to  is used.  In general,  is calculated as follows (see GLSL gl_FragCoord.z Calculation and Setting gl_FragDepth):  The minimum offset you need to add or subtract to the depth to get a minimum difference depends on the format of the depth buffer. The depth buffer formats ,  and  are a normalized integer formats, where the 16, 24 or 32 bit integer range is maped onto the depth values [0, 1]. On the other hand, the format  is a IEEE 754 standard 32 bit floating point format.",,6,3314,6,4,1,1
731,Scala programming mystery,"I was expecting below program to print each character of the String ""This is a test"" on a seperate line , However when i run this snippet on scalafiddle.io , It does not print anything , Can you please help me to find why ? ","Since you said you tried on scalafiddle, its not executing anything inside main method.  you probably need to run it as a script as below, working scalafiddle code here - https://scalafiddle.io/sf/3CzSXSp/0  output  code - https://scastie.scala-lang.org/prayagupd/UPw6pIqtRPeNlXOr4wDlSw",,1,303,-1,4,1,1
732,"Trying to get docker to run, constantly gives me an error","I am trying to run docker with , but I continue to get this error.  This used to work fine, but then I installed an updated version of apache through brew and now this happens every time I switch back and forth. I used to be able to try and kill all of the apache processes or restart and that seemed to work. However now I can not get port 80 to free up. If I kill all processes running on port 80 apache will go away for a minute, but then return again. So when I run   These processes continue to return. I was trying to create an alias that I could use to kill the processes correctly as below. But I can not get this working in terminal.  If I take just the section  and put it in the terminal it produces the correct PID's as expected. However when I try to run the alias  I get . UPDATE This is working instead of using the alias ","Issue 1: Unwanted Apache Restarts If the port frees up ""for a minute"" and then is in use again, you should tell the process supervision system that's starting the conflicting process to stop running that process. In the case of Apache httpd on MacOS, that looks like:   Issue 2: Surprising alias expansion Your original code was -- on account of the use of double quotes -- building the list of httpd processes at the time when your alias was defined, not at the time when your alias was executed. You could fix that by changing the quoting type, but the better answer is to use a function:  ...which will evaluate the  when the function is run, not when it's set up in your .  Issue 3: Detecting PIDs Using A Port On MacOS ",,0,76,1,5,1,1
733,Binding C-; in Emacs as a prefix key,I'd like C-; to behave as if I pressed ESC or C-[. I tried  but it doesn't work.,"Your question The following works for me:  Now, C-h c C-; q reports . Note that  is an interactive command,  is more appropriate for  (although both should work). Your problem You are running on a terminal (as opposed to a GUI) and C-; is seen by Emacs as ; (use C-h c C-; to verify). You need to either   use GUI, use a different key, or  configure your terminal to pass C-; to its subprocesses.  Another possible source of problems might stem from things like Translation Keymaps.",,0,110,1,5,1,1
734,Usage of the attachHttpServer feature in Mosca,"I have read about the attachHttpServer feature in Mosca, https://github.com/mcollina/mosca/wiki/MQTT-over-Websockets Basically we create a mosca server and an http server and attach the http server to Mosca. After that how do we really use it? Will REST requests coming to the http server be redirected to mosca? How does the connection, pubsub take place? Any example use case on how this can be used? ",Mosca is using the httpServer to handle the websocket handshake in order to support MQTT over Websockets. This is for use with things like the Paho javascript client. This is not a HTTP REST to MQTT bridge. You can attach your own endpoints to the httpServer so you can provide your own REST API or server up static content that will use the Paho client to connect to the mosca broker in order to consume and publish messages.,1.0,0,592,2,5,0,0
735,"Compute once, use multiple times within Python class","I am trying to define a class within which a function of many variables is optimized. Normally I'm working with ~500-1000 variables. In this class, I need to pass function and its derivative to  in  to find the  which minimizes this function.  The following is a simple working example of the concept and it works fine. But as you see both the function () and its derivative () depend on another function  (In this example, it looks trivial and can be written in another way but actual functions are much more complicated).  I was wondering if I can calculate  only once at each iteration and then use that value within the class. Considering that  and  get updated in  multiple times so at each step  should be re-evaluated as well.  Thanks! ","What you want is called ""memoizing"".  When the function g calculates a value it stores the result in a dictionary, indexed by the arguments x, y.  Every time g is called it checks the dictionary to see if the value it needs is already stored there.  If you need to reset the values, you clear the dictionary.  Something like this: ",,0,182,1,1,1,1
736,How to access nested JSON Response in android?,"This is a JSON, I got results(Values) from colorArray but i can't able to get results from shapeArray. How to get results from shapeArray ? How to get shapeArray values ? How to manage these type of nested JSON responses ?  Code ","First of all very bad json design. Second   JSONArray jsonShapeArray = jsonObject.getJSONArray(""shapeArray"");   will give you error as there is no such object. Try using this :   JSONArray jsonArray = parent.getJSONObject(1).getJSONArray(""shapeArray"");  Here parent is your root jsonArray.",0.0,1,56,1,1,1,0
737,Set new column values in pandas DataFrame1 where DF2 column values match DF1 index,"I'd like to set a new column in a pandas dataframe with values calculated using a groupby on dataframe2. DF1:  DF2:  I want to group DF2 by 'id', and then apply a function on 'col2' to put the result into the corresponding index in DF1. If there is no group for that particular index, then I want to fill with NaN...  ... I can't quite figure out how to achieve this though",Apply the function on col2 of df2 first then use  droping the  in df since it is empty.      col1   col2 id             1   'a'   90.0 2   'b'    NaN 3   'c'  183.0  Straight and simple suggested by @Zero  ,,0,91,1,1,1,1
738,Call superclass apply method in scala," See i have a trait A here and the companion object's apply method implements it.  Trait B of course won't compile since I have to also implement A's a/b/c methods, but is there a way I can call A's apply method and then just implement B's d method? I think to override a/b/c in B.apply and just call super.a/b/c is one way, but what if it has multiple layers A->B->C->D, I don't want to override all superclass's method in the leaf node. Any thoughts would help, thanks!","If you can change , I think the most reasonable solution is to give a name to the anonymous class returned from :   I think to override a/b/c in B.apply and just call super.a/b/c is one way  No, that won't work. If it did, there would be no need to override them.",0.0,0,228,1,1,1,1
739,Make Dictionary of Strings with Common Characters,"I'm stuck on a homework problem and am utterly stumped with no ideas left.  I have tried different variations of code for the last 7 hours to no avail.  The homework question is as follows:  Write a function named shareALetter that takes one parameter, wordList -- a list of words. Create and return a dictionary in which each word in wordList is a key and the corresponding value is a list of all the words in wordList that share at least one letter with that word. There should be no duplicate words in any value in the dictionary. For example, the following is correct output:   Below is the code that has come the closest to solving the problem:  I know this is terrible, sloppy, and inefficient with probably over a dozen issues, but I can't figure out how to fix any of the problems here.  Any help would be appreciated.","When you need to create this kind of algorithm, it's helpful to imagine how you would approach the situation with just pen and paper. If I were you, I'd actually write out a few words and complete the exercise manually. As you do so, note how you are working through the problem, and see if you can translate that series of actions into code. Here's a bit of a nudge to keep you going: ",,0,767,1,1,1,1
740,Linq join collection on collection,"The Series object contains a property called Skus and it is IEnumerable If this sku is in the allowed list of skus then I need that series. In my example below, I'm joining on s.SeriesId which is not correct. I believe it needs to be the collection s.Skus I only want to return a series that has the contained sku in the collection. "," Or the other way:  I am guessing there are more  than  typically and the the first choice is better. It may also be better to change  to a list that can be passed to the database:  If a SQL (or other) database isn't involved, you would convert  to a  for efficient lookup: ",,0,475,1,1,1,1
741,Emoji in email subject line,Recently I have received newsletters with emojis in the subject line.. I have copy/pasted a subject from the source of a newsletter   I use phpmailer to send emails.. How is it possible to reuse the same icons when sending messages?, This will put a fire emoji like the above in the beginning and the end of the string when sending with phpmailer. Rememeber to set the encoding in the mail to UTF-8,,2,3477,2,1,1,1
742,Why did my regex not give the desired result,I have a string from which I need to extract specific url that consists of an image extension and the following regex:  and the string that I've to extract from is:  My regex works fine but I want to extract only the url with  or any other image extension so I've tried   But it didn't work as expected  My expected result is ,You can use this regex to extract image URLs:  RegEx Demo Your image URL is captured in group #1. This assumes your URL doesn't contain comma character. If comma is allowed in image URLs then use this regex with negative lookahead:  RegEx Demo 2,,1,34,2,1,1,1
743,Do I need a single loop or a nested loop for this?,"Let's say I have an array and a boolean method. This boolean method will return true if all the positive numbers appear before all the non-positive numbers (0 inclusive). Otherwise, it will return a false value. The first array newArrayTrue will return a true value because all the positive numbers appear before all the non-positive numbers and 0. Whereas in newArrayFalse, it will return a false value because 0 appear before 5, and 5 is a positive number.  Do I need to have a nested for loop inside the boolean method or it can be done in just one for loop? And I need help with my conditions as I don't really get what's the issue with it. Appreciate any help.","This should suffice:  Also some credit to @Ryan, since he deleted his answer on which I based my code.",,1,125,3,1,1,1
744,pandas groupby timeseries data according to function result,"I am analyzing power systems time series data, and I am trying to find the contiguous data points that go beyond a certain threshold value. I am currently using excel formula row by row manually to do this, but I as I am trying to search more efficient methods I realized that this could be done in python pandas groupby function. However, as far as the examples that I have read, the groupby function only groups the rows if they have the same label. What I would like to do is to pass a certain function to groupby that could check if the value => 3, and then group those values, indexed by its starting and end time of breaching the threshold value => 3. Input:  Output: "," Create a mask where less than  Cumulative sum to create groups where greater than or equal to  filter the  by the mask, then  Use  to pass several functions at once Rename columns   ",,3,131,3,1,1,1
745,Scala: Primitive type hashCode uniqueness,Just trying to clarify if next code will produce unique hash codes for primitive types:  Here is what will be results of last line: ) Can we assume that next hash codes will be will unique across different physical machines?,"A hash can, by definition, never be unique, ever. A hash maps a larger (potentially infinite) input space to a smaller (usually finite) output space. The Pigeonhole Principle says that there must be multiple input values that map to the same output value. (If you're not familiar with the Pigeonhole Principle, it is really simple: if you have three pairs of socks and two drawers, then no matter how you distribute the socks among the drawers there must be at least one drawer with at least two pairs of socks in it.) There are infinitely many possible Scala objects but only finitely many hash codes, therefore, there must be at least one hash code that has infinitely many objects that map to it. In fact, since hash codes are usually written in such a way that they are well-distributed, every hash code will have infinitely many objects that map to it. s are s. Which means that there are exactly as many s as there are s. So, if s were unique, then there wouldn't be any s left over for all the other objects (s, s, s, s, s, s, s, s, s, s, and so on and so forth). Just looking at s alone, there must be at least 4 billion  objects which have the same .",,0,115,3,1,1,1
746,"PDO SQLite cannot update record: ""database is locked""","I'm struggling with this all day. I've read numerous posts, tried all suggestions but nothing works. This is my PHP code:  I run PHP v5.3.3. With just the loop after the select I get the correct values from the table, so I can access the database, which is in the same folder as my script. The folder has 0777 rights, the database and the script both have 0660, but I've also tried with 0777. But when I try to update a record I get the 'database is locked' error. I've used the same database before on a different server, but not with PDO but with   I couldn't use the same script because SQLITE isn't enabled on the new server, but PDO_SQLITE is. My phpinfo() says:   PDO drivers  mysql, odbc, pgsql, sqlite pdo_sqlite. PDO Driver for SQLite 3.x    enabled SQLite Library  3.3.6 '--without-sqlite'  '--without-sqlite3'  Of course I tried to enable SQLite on the new server first so I could use the original script. But because I'm not a system engineer (just a developer ;)) I had hoped I could use the PDO option. Is my problem related to my PHP configuration or is my script wrong?","Here is a shortened version of one way to handle queries so that the connection is closed each time a query is run, freeing up SQLite for the next query:  Having done this we can now execute a query -   We could loop through the results and send several updates to the database or whatever we need to do. The connection gets cleaned up each time (where it is set to NULL) as soon as the results are returned. The most notable benefit is that connecting to and returning data from the database is independent of the queries themselves, making the code much more modular and flexible.",,1,1856,3,1,1,1
747,Bootstrap button not working (not opening when clicking),Below is my snippet for using Bootstrap which contains a single drop-down button. Any idea why it is not working? (when I click it just doesn't open anything).  I saw similar posts here and here. But none of the suggested solutions solutions solved my problem.  ,Cannot recognize jquery.js file. Please change this   to  ,,2,4677,3,1,1,1
748,Java scanner requiring multiple inputs,"I'd like to ask a question about my code. I apologize for the inefficiency and the messiness of it, I am still trying to learn java.  When I run the program, the first if statement gets by fine, as I only have to input the number 5 one time. However as you can see from the second else if statement which is the number 3 requires two inputs, I have to enter it two times before the next line comes up. The third else if statement which is the number 4 requires 3 inputs before the next line shows up, and so on with each successive else if statement. I'm sorry if I am not explaining this properly,  Does anyone have any idea why this is happening?",Change your code to:  and all other also.  will consume your input. So if you come to the second  the input is alredy consumed by the first  .  is nessesary to consume the  after the int value.,,2,530,3,1,1,1
749,setTimeout only running with a console.log in Meteor,"I have the following code on a Meteor app  When there is a click event I get multiple timeouts running simultaneously, even though I'm only updating the Session once. But, if I remove console.log in timer.helpers, then the setTimeout doesn't update the Session at all (only the Click does). What am I missing?? Is there a better way to keep a current (reactive) client time stored?","If you want to update a client session with the latest client time every second, you can use Meteor.setInterval instead and set it up after the template has rendered.  For example: ",,0,548,3,1,1,1
750,SubmileText 3 and ScriptCS Intellisense,Is there a way to have a C# Intellisense for ScriptCS files in a Submile Text . I tried to combine OmniSharpSublime plugin with ScriptCS but that doesn't work. ,"OmniSharp doesn't work with ScriptCS files yet, but hopefully soon!",,1,343,3,1,0,0
751,Android null object reference exception,I am creating an application which reads data from local  file and display it as a .I have also created a custom adapter for that.The problem is when i set the list's view using  method it says following error   here is my code  Help me to solve this problem. ,Change  to  your  and  are  at  ,,1,977,3,1,1,1
752,Explicit Type Conversion and typeof in JavaScript," Now consider this: When we convert a string to a number, the result is the numeric value of a string if it is simply a number; all other strings become NaN ", is as a      and it's expected behavior.  Further information: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/NaN,,-1,122,4,1,1,1
753,java Expression too complex reduce the number of conditionl operators,"We have a program that we run against our code to adhere to some coding standards. The program says:  Expression should not be too complex, reduce the number of conditional operators used int he expression Min allowed 3.  How can I reduce the number of conditional operators?  perhaps put the keyevents in an array? ",,1.0,5,5089,5,1,1,1
754,React-router: Passing data through routes,"I'm trying to figure out the best way to pass data through my routes. I know I can use params but there are certain types of data that don't belong in params.  For example: I have an index page that displays a list of applications. Each application has a button next to it which will route you to the view for that application. I want to pass the application itself to the Application handler. However, it doesn't make sense to pass the entire application through params. Though it does make sense to pass the application identifier to params (i.e. :id or :name) So the way I think I should be doing this is pass the application identifier to params, then in the Application component search my ApplicationStore for the appropriate application given the identifier.  Though, wouldn't it be easier and faster to pass the application itself? Is there a way to do this. Is there a reason not to do this? Here is some code:  or  Thanks in advance!","The problem is that when the person refreshes, or in some other way directly loads the url, it needs to show the correct view.  Because URLs are just strings, you need to represent the route as a string.  You can't (easily) shove an actual application into the url. The job of a router is to take that string (the URL) and map it to the actual code (the handler), and provide any extra data (the params, query, and/or hash).   Your job as a router user is to ensure there's enough information in the URL for the router to pick the right handler, and for the handler to have enough information to do its job (e.g. which application to show). If the url is something like , there's clearly not enough information.   If it's something like:   i.e. putting an application in the url, that's too much information, and generally a very bad idea. But  is just right :-)",,8,5715,5,1,1,1
755,ExecutorService inside an IntentService. Will it be killed by Android?,"I wrote an IntentService that I am going to use to download some heavy data from the web (large images mostly). The class looks like this:  As you can see the  method returns quite quickly since most of the activity is executed within the Runnables executed by the ExecutorService. Will android kill the IntentService and consequently kill the threads started by the  after some time that the  method is returned? Or does it somehow detect that threads still exist and the Intent Service is still alive? In case, how to change the code to prevent Android from killing the service?"," Will android kill the IntentService  The  will destroy itself, via .  and consequently kill the threads started by the ExecutorService after some time  The threads are leaked, but they will run, until the process is terminated. Since you no longer have a  telling Android that your process is doing work, your process could be terminated quite quickly.  how to change the code to prevent Android from killing the service?  Do not use . Use , and call  yourself once all your threads are done with their work.",1.0,2,668,6,1,1,1
756,functions within objects causing an error,"I am trying to finish a small js task, wrote the code but I am getting a syntax error.  Can you guys tell me what error is in it.? The task is to create a new variable called myBalance that calls the askTeller function with a password argument, 1234.    ","You need this:  The reason is you create  as a new Person. Now  has all the methods/properties that you create in the  constructor, including .",,1,200,6,1,1,1
757,Dynamically making an element fixed (header) in fullpage.js,"I'm building a page in fullpage.js. On the first slide is an image that consumes 90% of the height of the viewport. The other 10% is a navigation bar at the below the image. The image below demonstrates it.  As I scroll to the next slide, I want the navigation bar to become a fixed header for the remainder of the slides.  I tried making the element fixed once it's  value is 0 against  using jQuery. This did not work for me.  Is this possible and how do I achieve it? ","If you are using the default option , then this will do the trick:  And you will need this CSS for the header element:  You can of course, change the height and so on. Take into account that I've placed the fixed element outside the plugin's wrapper. This way I will avoid problems with the  property used by the plugin:  See a demo Update: If you are using , then use the following CSS instead of the previous one:  See demo",1.0,2,7354,6,1,1,1
758,How can I send an event to my browser JavaScript from the server-side of my app?,"I have a situation where a user will be going through a series of form pages that will take them to a point where there will be a prolonged wait. The wait could be as long as 5 minutes. Once the waiting is over I want to move the user to the next page. I'm wondering what the best way to listen for the signal from the app that it's time to move on. I considering using a WebSocket, but it seems like overkill for this. I considered opening an Ajax call using keep alive in the header response. I also considering using Ajax to poll every so often. I'd love advice on what the cleanest approach is.","First off, you should not have that prolonged wait. Background this process on the server. Make the user do something else while that process happens.  You can have them navigate away, tell them something's processing, we'll get back to you. While you do that, each page in your site will have a listener that awaits a signal from the server. WebSockets, as you said is overkill. You can use Server-Sent Events instead. It's a ""one-way socket"" from server to browser. Note that it isn't supported in IE (I wouldn't wonder) but there are polyfills. I have also heard friends use Firebase for this as well.",,0,36,0,2,0,0
759,Change Woocommerce In Stock/Out Stock Text,I have seen examples on here where you add some text to the functions.php. However how would I change it from its current text which is  10 in stock to Only 10 left so that it keeps the quantity. And then when its sold out it says Sold Out,"Here's a quick way to change the ""Out of Stock"" text to ""Sold Out""  The ""10 left"" will automatically switch to ""Only 10 left"" if the stock quantity is below the  option value. In your WooCommerce settings, you could set this value very high so that it would always say that. ",1.0,0,1687,0,2,0,1
760,How is the 'E/e' in hexadecimal differentiated from the 'E/e' in exponential form in a hexadecimal floating point literal?,"In C, if I want a floating point literal x to be in hexadecimal form and have an exponential value, it will be denoted as this:  Where the 0x is used to denote it's in hexadecimal, and the 2a for the hexadecimal characters, and the E+10 for the number into ten to the power ten. However, will the compiler know it's not 2aE that's representing the hexadecimal digits (since hexadecimal uses a to e for 10-15) and +10 is just adding ten to the number? And if it doesn't, what's the fix?"," is a valid preprocessor token that does not translate into a valid C token, hence the compilation error.  C99 Hexadecimal floating point numbers use  or  as the exponent marker, as in:  Which has the value  -> . For those who do not know about preprocessing numbers:  6.4.8 Preprocessing numbers Syntax  Description A preprocessing number begins with a digit optionally preceded by a period (.) and may be followed by valid identifier characters and the character sequences , , , , , , , or . Preprocessing number tokens lexically include all floating and integer constant tokens. Semantics A preprocessing number does not have type or a value; it acquires both after a successful conversion (as part of translation phase 7) to a floating constant token or an integer constant token. ",1.0,14,476,16,0,1,1
761,Accessing Infragistics UI components with TestStack.White,"I have a C# WinForms application using several Infragistics components, including grids, status-bars and so on. I'm trying to automate the UI testing using TestStack.White: so far, I've been successfully interacting with the regular .net components. I'm using the Visual UI Automation Verify tool to explore the application and locate/access the required UI components. I need to access the text of the highlighted Hyperlink, within a UltraStatusBar.  The following is the C# code I use. I can successfully fetch the panel containing the UltraStatuBar from the main window and the status bar itself from that panel, but somehow I could not manage to access the UI components within the UltraStatusBar.  Any hints?",Have you tried using the UIAComWrapper branch of White?  I've found a lot of the Infragistics controls can't be accessed without MS Automation 3.0 (which is what UIAComWrapper wraps).,,1,673,0,1,0,0
762,ArrayStoreException on 2D Object Array,I am trying to fill a  array with like you would add rows to a table. But all I get is a  at the line . Whare am I worng? The SQL part is working ,"Change  to  since you are attempting to store in this array objects which are not s, so they can't be stored in a  array.",,-1,60,0,1,1,1
763,REST: How to update a row and create zero or more of other resource on same request?,"I'll try to make this as simple as possible, it may be sort of dumb question.  I'm rewriting an 7 years old web application (help desk software). It is required to make it a REST API to be consumed by different clients web browser and mobile app. Also required to keep the business logic as close as possible to the original which for now have been working well. The current struggle about REST: What I need is to update the a resource lets say  If the   of the this resource is changed a record of this change need to be saved, both in the same DB transaction because it need to be all-or-nothing. this is how the original application worked and we would like to keep this behavior. So question is: Can I  to  the whole resource or partial state representation to update the resource residing in server and create the new record of the history change (if  is different) and return them both back to client as JSON:  This way the client can update the  and add the history to a list of history changes if there is any being return?","Technically, yes, you can do this. However, it might not be as straightforward as simply returning 2 objects, side by side; looking at the Richardson Maturity Model (Level 1), one would expect to receive the same type of resource after calling (PUT) an api endpoint. That being said, you could either embed the additional resource (append a history change to a ticket, following the Hypertext Application Language (HAL) proposed draft specification), or better yet (if you're aiming towards REST level 3), provide a link relationship, in conformity with the ""Target IRI"" defined in Web Linking specification (RFC 5988) from the ticket:   would return all the history records belonging to that ticket, paged and sorted by created date, for example (and you can just select the latest)  you would do some work on the server to ensure this points straight to the latest history record (related to that ticket id)  Regarding the partial update, looking at the RFC 6902 (which defines the Patch standard), from the client's perspective the API could be called like  More examples can be found here.",,0,51,0,1,1,1
764,How to write to a txt file ascii characters in python?,"I'm implementing a XOR method, and I want to write the ciphered message to a txt file, but in the way I'm doing it, I get strange characters instead of the message. Here is the code:  the output looks like this:  the txt file looks like this:  How can I get the output inside the txt file? Thanks for your help",I think you need to use another text editor. Windows' notepad doesn't render the control characters correctly. Try to use Programmers Notepad or Notepad++ for example.,,0,850,0,1,1,0
765,How to send data through parallel port in Python?,"I need to send some data via parallel port using Python. And for this I am using psychopy.parallel module.   I have two Windows 7 x64 machines connected via parallel port. This connection is tested and working because it is used by another software to send data via LPT1 port. I have installed the necessary libraries for psychopy.parallel as described here. Here is my naive intuition: Machine 1 (Sending data):  Checking on Machine 1  Checking on Machine 2 (Receiving data):  I see that although I can set the pins correctly on Machine 1 and read the result, Machine 2 just gives me a .   How to send and receive a signal via parallel port correctly?  ","There are a few options:  Maybe you haven't got the right driver for pyparallel/psychopy to talk to. You'll need a 32bit parallel port driver if you're using the Standalone PsychoPy (which includes 32bit python). The answer in the link below tells you how to download another test utility that will insert the correct version of both 32bit and 64bit drivers, which you need to do on both machines obviously your script sending the pules will finish immediately and conceivably the pins are all being set back to low when the script ends? (I think this isn't usually the case but worth checking) have you set the right address for the parallel port? Your code currently uses the default address but there are various options. Lastly, the link below tells you how to do it using inpout32.dll directly but I think the drivers are the first thing to get fixed  PsychoPy sending triggers on 64bit OS",1.0,1,1682,1,1,1,0
766,How to execute a Angular controller method when I have its name as a string,"In my AngularJS controller I have an event handler which receives an argument. The argument has a method name as string, which I need to execute. How do I call the method in my controller? I have seen this question & answer but it doesn't work for me on the controller. Here is my code  The event is created by a directive which is a confirmation dialog. Event fires when the user clicks Yes.  Event handler    returns  in my case. I also tried with  but I get undefined for the same. The function with the name  of value of  variable is defined in the controller as a method and the value of  is set before the modal is loaded. On clicking Yes in the modal the event is handled ",Use  instead of  since it is a method inside the  object and not the  object,,0,55,1,1,1,1
767,AutoMapper - ConstructProjectionUsing exception,"Using AutoMapper 5 and I was sure I was setting this up correctly, but I still get an EF exception:  StackTrace:  I've looked around saw that a fix was implemented for a bug with this method in 4.1.0+, but I've verified I'm using 5.0.0 and seeing similar behavior to the issue described here: https://github.com/AutoMapper/AutoMapper/issues/909 My data objects are simple: Character.cs:  CharacterDto.cs:  This is a Web Api and I'm configuring my mapping in Startup:  I'm using EF 6 and returning an :  The Characters data is an  in my context. I'm most likely missing something simple, but I'm unable to figure out what it is so far.",The problem is not in the Automapper. The problem as you seen in your expression tree of the EF (missing stacktrace). EF doesn't support parametrized constructors in its expression tree. Maybe you do somewhere ToList to materialize the entities before you send it to the Automapper.,,1,727,1,1,1,0
768,"c# DataTable - working out percentages, even for records which don't exist","I hope folks can help me out with a problem I'm trying to solve. It's really baffled me: I have a C# datatable, with for example, the following content:  The ""IsValid?"" column will only ever be ""Yes"" or ""No"". Whereas the LotNo and Level columns are always dynamic. Also the records aren't in any order (unlike the table above). I'm trying to figure out the code to evaluate the percentage of records which have ""IsValid = Yes"" across the total of all records for that LotNo and Level. So in the example above, I'm looking for the following output:  What I'm finding particularly difficult is coping with the instance where there are no records - for example, LotNo=890 and Level=1 has no records where ""IsValid=Yes"". I know I sort of need a kind SQL ""outer-join"" effect. I also need some kind of SQL group by - not to sure how this applies with a DataTable. I've tried breaking it down into ""for"" loops, and creating a new records when the loop encounters a new batch number, but it quickly descends into madness trying to cope with the dynamic number of levels. I hope I've phrased this question okay - I'm not a regular poster. Any pointers on where on earth to start? I'm baffled!",setup:  then just use LINQ:  Output: ,,0,91,1,1,1,1
769,Find variable in files using RegEx,"I want read out variable which is mentioned below in file.  I am using   for reading hex, but i am not able to get value from '='. Can anyone correct the regular expression.","I suggest  Use it with the  and  (if you have multiline input). See the regex demo Pattern explanation:   - start of string (or line if  is used)  - a sequence of literal characters  - 1 or more whitespaces  - Group 1 capturing one or more word () chars  - 1 or more whitespaces  - Group 2 capturing one or more word () chars  - space, , space (you may add  after each space to allow 1 or more spaces, or  to allow 0 or more spaces)  - Group 3 that will capture the rest of the line. ",,2,138,1,1,1,1
770,ListView is crushing Tabs,I have a Tab view and I have added a new ListView component on my project. The problem is that I have that ListView configure with flexbox and when I scroll down that ListView is over my Tabs and I can't click on them  What I want to do is that ListView be under the Tab Section and be able to scroll it. Any tip about how to do this?,"React native dose not have a z-index equivalent. Instead - the order of the components determines the order in which they will be displayed.  If you want the TabBar to be on top simply move the component to the end of the file.  You can check it online here, simple change the order of the  and see how the order change accordingly.  EDIT: From version 0.30 z-index is supported by React Native as zIndex styles. Take a look on the release notes.",,1,113,1,1,0,1
771,Apollo-server 2 validation middleware,I want to add a validation layer to the apollo server. It should run after every graphql query / mutation but before the resolver function. The validation layer will need to know the graphql query / mutation being called and the passed parameters. It will throw an error if its invalid and prevent the resolver function from running. I'm unclear where to inject it without manually placing it in each resolver function.," actually includes a  utility that allows you to wrap the resolver for every ,  and  field to simulate a ""root level resolver"": const { makeExecutableSchema, addSchemaLevelResolveFunction } = require('graphql-tools')  This is a simple way of applying some logic to all root-level fields, but gets a bit hairy if there's only some fields you want to apply this logic to. If that's the case, now you have to maintain a list of whitelisted or blacklisted fields, separate from your schema. This can be troublesome if someone else on your team is adding a new field and isn't aware of this mechanism. It's also not all-too-helpful if you want to apply the same logic to fields outside of root level ones. A better approach is to utilize a custom schema directive, as outlined in the docs. This allows you to indicate which fields to apply the logic to: ",,4,1681,4,0,0,1
772,How Camera works in Libgdx and together with Viewport,"If you work with LibGdx it goes not long until you come to Camera and viewport. If you work the first time with camera and Viewport you get some questions about how it works and how to use it. So:  How can I use a Camera in LibGdx? What's viewport width and height? What is a Viewport, how can I use it and how it works together with the Camera? ","How can I use a Camera in LibGdx? What's viewport width and height? Firstly it's important that you know the Camera works with World units not with Pixels. World units are not a regular Unit. You self can define how much one World Unit is. Later more. First, we create an  a  and a :  We create a  and in the Constructor we define how many World Units we see if we look through this camera into our world. In our example 50 x 50 World Units these are the viewport width and height. So we have created a Camera with a viewport width and height of 50. In the render() method we render our image:  (1) Clear the Screen, if we don't do that every Texture will draw over the other and if we draw a Animation we will see the old Frames. (2) The  is our Drawer he draws our Images, Animations etc. Default he draws a World which has so many World Units like the Screen has Pixels so in this case 1 World Unit = 1 Pixel. But now we will see 50 x 50 World Units doesn't matter how big the screen is. To say the Batch that he should draw what we see through our camera we must call:  (3) Now we draw our  on Position 0,0 But 0, 0 doesn't mean on Pixel position 0,0 it means the Image will be drawn on World position 0,0 also width and height are not in Pixels they are in World units so the  will be drawn on Position 0,0 25x25 World Units big. So on a 50x50 viewport, the image fills one-quarter of the whole screen.  The Image fill one-quarter of the whole screen exactly as expected. But why it is on the right top and not on the bottom left? The Problem is that the center of the Camera point on the position 0,0  So our Image is drawn on position 0,0 he fills the top right corner. We must set the position of the camera so 0,0 is in the bottom left corner:  In the render() method we must add  because every time we change the position or the scale or what else of the camera we must update the camera. Now the Image is in the bottom left. Where are the Pixels? We always speak about World units but where are the Pixels? The pixels are still there. If we have a Screen size of 200 x 200 pixels the batch will always draw 200 x 200 pixels. With the method  we only say the batch how much World Units are one Pixel. If we have a Screen with 200 x 200 pixels and we create a Camera with a viewport of 50 x 50 world units the SpriteBatch know 1 WorldUnit = 4 Pixels. Now we draw a Image which is 25 x 25 World Units big the SpriteBatch knows he must draw the image 25 * 4 = 100 pixel big. So the pixels still there but it's easier to think in World Units. If it's not clear enough here is a little bit more detailed description: Libgdx's World Units Box2d It's also very important to think in World Units if you use Box2d because Box2d works with Meters. So if you create a Body with a Force off 5 on the x axis, the Body is 5 m/s fast. And now it's very cool to work with World Units because you can say 1 World Unit = 1 Meter so you can create a object with a width of 10 and you know after one second the Body will be in the Center of the Object. If you work with Pixels you will have a Problem if you have a different Screensize. What is a Viewport, how can I use it and how it works together with the Camera? Now we have the big Problem about different Screen sizes. Suddenly we have a Screen size of 350 x 200 pixels, now the Image will be stretched and don't look so nice as before. For this Problem we use Viewports a few Viewports are ,  and . All viewports you can find here: https://github.com/libgdx/libgdx/wiki/Viewports. Firstly what is a Viewport. Imagine the camera is a speaker who speaks English. Different Screen Sizes are other People who speak German, French, Chinese etc. and the Viewport is the translator. The Translator doesn't change the sense of that what the English Speaker says but he adapts it so the others can understand it. Same are camera and Viewport. Viewport doesn't say or change what you can see on your screen if you run the program. He only handles that you always see the same on different Screen sizes. A Camera can life without Viewport. A Viewport not without Camera. Add a viewport Object:   and the resize() method:  StretchViewport Create a StretchViewport:  In the StretchViewport Constructor, we define the viewport width and height and the Camera. Now we get the same result as before if we have different Screensizes the Images will be stretched. FitViewport Maybe we won't stretch our Images we will matter about the ratio of x and y. The ratio of x and y means: is an Object 2 width and 1 height he will always twice as wide as high for example 200x100, 30x15 but not 20x15. Create a FitViewport:  Now the Image will always be a square. To see the Bars on the Side lets draw the Image as big as our viewport:    The Image has a Ratio of 1 because of 50(width)/50(height) = 1 so the Image will always have the same width and height. The Bars on the side are outside of our Viewport and will be drawn in the color you define here:  ExtendViewport Maybe we won't Bars on the Side then we can take a ExtendViewport. The ExtendViewport keeps the world aspect ratio without bars by extending the world in one direction. Means on a screen where the aspect ratio between width and height are bigger you will see more of the world. On a screen 400x200 aspect ration = (400/200 = 2) you will see more than on a screen of 300x200 (300/200 = 1.5); To show this create a ExtendViewport and draw the Image bigger than the viewport and a second small Image:  If we now start our Program with a Screen size of 200x200 we see:  And if we resize the Screen on x axis To make the screen wider:  Now we can see more off the first Image and additinal the Second image but the ratio will always be the same. The Image is only stretched because we draw it 100x50 not because of resizing. I hope this will clear some Questions about Camera and Viewport if you will learn more, read and look some tutorials and read the LibGdx wiki: https://github.com/libgdx/libgdx/wiki",,0,512,4,0,0,1
773,Pandas - Different time formats in the same column,I have a Dataframe that has dates stored in different formats in the same column as shown below:  Is there anyway I could make all of them to have the same format. ,Use  with specify formats with  for replace not matched values to s. Last  for replace missing values by  Series.  ,1.0,4,144,5,0,1,1
774,Matlab fprintf output is not appearing in command window with no error?,I am using Matlab. fprint function gives no error but it does not appear in command window either. Where are results of this command and how to fix it so the output appears as   Input is  Thank you. MM,"Essentially you're using the  function wrong, it isn't designed to concatenate strings. You can use  brackets, , or  for that. Rather than try and work out why you've written it how you have, here is the correct usage:  I'm using the format specifier  to tell  to print a numeric value with no decimal places into the string. The 4 values specified as further inputs are used in these placeholders respectively. The  is to include a new line at the end. Output: ",,1,71,7,0,1,1
775,Separate server for video encoding?,"I'm making a website that will handle video upload and encoding. My idea was to have the main server handle both client requests and video processing. But from my understanding, video encoding is cpu intensive. So I'm not sure if its a good idea to have one server do all the work, or have a separate server to do processing stuff. I want to try to future proof myself a bit in case I ever get high volumes of traffic, thus adding more processing work for the server. So my question, is it overkill these days to have a separate server for video encoding, or am I going about this all wrong? Ps. I'm using nodejs.","It will be overkill for someone starting out. As you mentioned, you don't have an idea of how much volume of traffic to expect yet, and it's difficult to project growth of your web app since it might grow gradually or take off immediately and hammer your server. I would approach this in such a way where I can separate and queue the video processing work away from the main website. This will allow you to scale the video processing portion of your app without requiring you to run the entire website on there. With a type of queuing system, you can also manage the amount of video you're processing at any point in time. So if 1 server can handle 5 video processing requests at once, any new request would have to wait until it finishes the previous request etc. Almost a micro-service type architecture. Hope this gives you some ideas.",,-1,72,-1,0,0,0
776,C# Capturing the first match with regex,I've got an input string that looks like this:  or  the string sometimes has or non  how to get link between url= and  or   it always get from  to ,You can use this    Positive look behind. matches .  - Matches anything except new line.  - Positive look ahead. Matches  or   Demo,,0,39,0,1,1,1
777,excel function to sum from match list,"I am trying to get a sum of a range of cells where a corresponding column matches a certain string. The current function I have is below, which isn't working as desired.  Opening the ""Current Spreadsheet"" image below as an example, in Cell D26 (just for this example for help, not in the finished product) I want the SUM of values from column G, but only including values if the corresponding text in Column E matches the text in Cell C26. For a value of ""Discounted Rate 2"" in C26, my function above shows a result of ""50"", but should be ""150"", which would be the SUM of the 3 records that are ""Discounted Rate 2"" Thank you in advance for your help! CurrentSpreadsheet","Try  in D26 SUMIF takes the column/range you are wanting to match as the 1st parameter, the 2nd parameter is the value you want to match and the 3rd parameter is the column you want to SUM where the criteria is matched. You can adjust the absolute references on the columns/ranges if you need to relocate where the formula goes, but this should give you the result you are describing.",0.0,0,60,0,1,1,1
778,wilcoxon test using data stratification,"I have a really basic problem. I have the concentrations of one chemical stored in one column and the gender of the study participant in a second column.  What is the code to do the wilcoxon test to see if there is a difference between the concentrations found in boys and the concentrations found in girls? Some explanation of the code would also be useful for me to understand how it works. Thanks! I got this code for the ANOVA test to work which is also fine. Can anyone tell me if it does the thing that I need?  the output looks like this  I'm sorry, I know it's not a very advanced question...","From :  ## S3 method for class 'formula'        wilcox.test(formula, data, subset, na.action, ...)   ...   formula: a formula of the form ‘lhs ~ rhs’ where ‘lhs’ is a numeric             variable giving the data values and ‘rhs’ a factor with two             levels giving the corresponding groups.  So  should work (assuming that  is the column specifying gender and  is the concentration).",,1,30,0,1,1,1
779,Update a computed method from a function Vue,"I have a sort and pagination computed function in VUE which and allows displaying in a table  So I want to be able to search the data and then display the results based on the user input   Of course, I need the search results to update in the data table but can't see a way to do it.","You should modify the data property  instead of updating computed one because it's not correct what you're doing  since computed properties are not mutable, so your function should be like :  and the  property  will be updated automatically",,1,261,0,1,1,1
780,Strange requests to web server,"I have a VPS running Nginx, which currently serves only static content. Once I was looking at the log and noticed some strange requests: ",this is crawler. On this link is descriptin https://moz.com/help/moz-procedures/crawlers/dotbot. Maybe it is indexing your website.  You can block this requests on firewall or add file  with content  ,1.0,-2,77,0,1,1,1
781,Upgrade from Wildfly 10 to Wildfly 14 Infinispan issue,"We have migrated from Widlfly 10 to Wildfly 14. We have an issue with our configuration for the Infinispan(7.0) web cache-container . In previous versions its was possible to set a mode to ASYNC. This is no longer possible and the documenation states:  Deprecated Since 6.0.0 Deprecated. This attribute will be ignored. All   cache modes will be treated as SYNC. To perform asynchronous cache   operations, use Infinispan's asynchronous cache API.  https://wildscribe.github.io/WildFly/14.0/subsystem/infinispan/cache-container/distributed-cache/index.html  We do not want to have the mode SYNC that now is default so how can we by configuring standalone-ha.xml use Infinispan's asynchronous cache API? Wildfly 10 config  Wildfly 14 config ","In WF 14, modifications to the session cache are committed after the response is flushed - so all cache access is effectively asynchronous from the perspective of the user. Additionally, ASYNC cache mode is not the same as Infinispan's async cache API. The async cache API is only relevant to SYNC cache modes. Same question was asked in the WildFly forum. See https://developer.jboss.org/thread/279453",,0,525,0,1,1,0
782,Working with Named Regex Groups in Ruby,"I'm trying to match regex groups over a series of lines and getting stumped. Data file has lines that look like this:  Here is my Ruby code:  That works, but if I change that third to last to line to, for example , then I get an error saying that is an undefined local variable. My understanding was that  automatically defined those variables. Any idea what I'm doing wrong?","From the Ruby Rexexp docs:  When named capture groups are used with a literal regexp on the left-hand side of an expression and the =~ operator, the captured text is also assigned to local variables with corresponding names.  So it needs to be a literal regex that is used in order to create the local variables. In your case you are using a variable to reference the regex, not a literal. For example:  produces , but this  prints .",1.0,2,661,2,4,1,1
783,2 problems with my css dropdown navigation bar,I created a css top dropdown navigation bar and it is not quite finished yet. There are two problems I have been trying to solve for a while. The first problem is my nav div is either to tall or my 1px right border tab separators aren't reaching down to the bottom. My second problem is my dropdowns aren't showing. My navigation is on this site  http://osweb01.ostech.com.au/ . Here is the html:  The nav is inside a div that is floated right as well. Here is the css. I haven't done the hovers yet cause I want to fix these problems first:  Can someone please help? I am stuck and not sure what to do.,"please see your solution here nav { display: block; position:relative; border: 1px solid #002799; background: linear-gradient(to bottom, #4970E3 0%, #121B3E 100%) repeat scroll 0% 0% transparent; background: -moz-linear-gradient(to bottom, #4970E3 0%, #121B3E 100%) repeat scroll 0% 0% transparent; background: -webkit-linear-gradient(to bottom, #4970E3 0%, #121B3E 100%) repeat scroll 0% 0% transparent; padding: 0px 0px 0px 0px; border-radius: 15px; height: 40px; width: 470px; margin: 0px auto; font: Bold 16px Verdana; } nav ul { margin: 0px; padding: 0px; } nav ul li { list-style: none; float: left; position: relative; } nav ul li:last-child a {  } nav ul li a {  } nav ul ul {  } nav ul li:hover ul {  } nav ul ul li {  } nav ul ul li a {  } http://jsfiddle.net/nponnen/mM9Z5/",,1,87,5,4,1,1
784,"What is the relation between APP_PLATFORM, android:minSdkVersion and android:targetSdkVersion?","I'm developing an Android app that uses NDK features. My app defines  and  in  and  in jni/Application.mk. My current understanding is that  decalres minimal supported OS version,  declares Java library version to be linked against, and  declares C++ library to be linked against. Two questions:  Is my understanding correct? Is it Ok for  to be greater that ? Or they must be equal each other?  The reason for my question: I want my app to be available for devices with API >= 10, but I need to use NDK functions (like ) that are defined in  folder in NDK. So I use  and . Project compiles successfully, but would it be runnable on API 10-12 devices?","  is the minimum OS version that your app expects.  is essentially the maximum OS version that you've designed your app to work with. Here's an example of how this works. Imagine that you tested your app fine with API 19 and you release your app with =19. Then Google decides to release API 20 with a change in behavior of some API, but they don't want to change the behavior for old apps (to prevent from breaking them). So when your app starts up, Android sees that your app has =19, so it gives you the old API behavior, but if some other app says =20, Android will give it the new API behavior.  is the version of the native headers and libraries that the NDK will compile your native code with. If you set  to a specific value and you use APIs that are only available in that platform version, then your app will not run properly on older platforms. So  is a minimum value. The solution is to use a lower value and not use those newer APIs, or to write code that decides at runtime whether to call the new APIs or not (and probably use /).  It seems like in general it doesn't make sense to use an  value newer than , unless you're doing some special (like being careful not to call new APIs by checking the version at runtime, plus making sure not to link to new APIs and instead using /). So if you use  and you call  (which is not in earlier platform headers, implying that it isn't available at runtime on earlier platforms), your app will not run on devices with API < 13. The one caveat would be if  is actually available on older versions, but it just wasn't in the header/library files or it just wasn't documented. But I don't know if that's the case for this particular API (basically, that would require more research and risk analysis of whether you want to depend on something unsupported).",13.0,16,10379,24,4,1,1
785,How to export a string to a file in HTML & Phonegap,"I use the javascript below to save the data from the websql database to the consol.log, but how do I export it to a file? This is for Phonegap but hopefully also for a web version of the same page. I hope someone has an idea what to do. Thanks ",Try this:  Usage: ,2.0,0,1299,3,5,1,1
786,ArrayList Iterator does not display any data,"I am trying to display an ArrayList using Iterator. I am taking a studentInfo class which has getter-setter methods for various fname, lname, instName, etc. However, when I am calling the displaydata() method from main(), it does not display any data. I verified that ArrayList is being populated.  Another piece of code is a thread that accepts the data from a file and reads into arraylist by addStudentData() method.    Edit 1: Got the Solution. Since I am working with the threads, I need to use a threadsafe data structure. Changed Arraylist into a Vector.",Call disp.next() once time; ,,-1,135,2,6,1,1
787,Set wireless channel using netlink API,"I am developing a WiFi tool in Ubuntu Linux 12.04 environment and I need to switch the WiFi interface between different channels. Currently I found the solution in Wireshark source code ws80211_utils.c in function called ws80211_set_freq but I do not know how to implement it into my source code and which libs to include and how to compile so I could test it. The problem is that there are too many arguments and flags you have to use. Also, this is the first time I develop a netlink wifi tool. If there are any good manuals available where to start and how to use netlink calls for WiFi please provide me with the link. Thanks a lot i advance!","In current Linux versions, nl80211 is the right way to ""talk"" to the wireless subsystem. Be aware that you cannot arbitrarily set a channel with every driver and every operating mode (master, client, monitor etc.) Some drivers allow a channel change only when the corresponding interface is ""down"". In modes such as client (""managed""), the channel cannot be set at all because it is defined by the access point. Also note that not all wireless device drivers use mac80211/cfg80211. For those drivers not using it, you either have to use the old wireless extensions API or (even worse) a driver-specific proprietary API. Sadly, there seems to be no up-to-date and complete documentation of the nl80211 interface. Please correct me if I am wrong! Your approach of looking into the source code of other programs seems to be a reasonable way. You could also use the source code of the  command line utility.  has an option to set the channel:  In 's phy.c, line 91ff. you can find the code called when  is executed. However, this code is definitely not easy to read. It looks like the  command in conjunction with the  attribute is the way to go. In this SO answer you can find a skeleton program for using nl80211. Also, the code of Aircrack-ng (, function ) could act as a blueprint.",1.0,3,4546,8,6,0,1
788,Pandas: change data type of Series to String,"I use Pandas 'ver 0.12.0' with Python 2.7 and have a dataframe as below:  The  Series consists of some integers and strings. Its  by default is . I want to convert all contents of  to strings. I tried , which produces the output below.  1) How can I convert all elements of  to String?  2) I will eventually use  for indexing for dataframes. Would having String indices in a dataframe slow things down, compared to having an integer index?","You can convert all elements of id to  using   Edit by OP: I think the issue was related to the Python version (2.7.), this worked: ",18.0,71,269931,93,6,1,1
789,find 1 and replace it with regex,"I'm trying to duplicate a form and replace the value 1 with 2, 3 etc depending on the number of forms. Here's my html:  Here's my query:  So far it adds extra forms but It will not replace the value 1 in name or value. Here's a fiddle http://jsfiddle.net/tfFLt/590/","And the final version with cleanup to avoid code repetition:  For the  IDs calcultion and other properties I dropped the regex thing altogether. I also changed the way the new input is handled: first I create a  and then I process it. Easier and more readable approach. When you delete one input the  fields will also be renumbered to 1, 2, 3... The fiddle has been updated to reflect this. PS. Watch out that if you delete the first input then you are left with no more input areas or button to add a new one... :-) Solution: either this button is removed from the input form or you put a condition to not allow removal if there is only one input left. Hope it helps! Fiddle",,0,115,2,7,1,1
790,Change data source at runtime in ASP.NET MVC EF Database First app,"I am trying to set my web.config's connectionString so it can be changed at runtime from ""data source=MyDevDatabase"" to ""data source=MyQADatabase"" using a dropdown. The app is built in ASP.NET MVC, and I am using an Entity Framework Database First approach, so I have an .edmx file in my Models folder. Here is the closest answer I have found (scroll down to Database/Model First with connection string in app.config/web.config file). But I am not sure how to implement it. Can someone give me an example?",Have 2 different connection strings in your web.config with 2 names. You have to feed the connection string manually every time your call the database. Webconfig with 2 connectionstrings:  here is how you feed the connection string:  See:  How to have different connection string for different users in Entity Framework Setup Entity Framework For Dynamic Connection String EntityFramework - Where is the connection string?,1.0,0,3179,2,7,0,1
791,Generation of a 7 digit student number,"I just started with vb.net so please be patient with me here. I'm working on an uni assignment where I need to build a small student registration program. I need to create a 7 digit student number whenever a user clicks register, my code and validation and connection to DB is working fine, Im just struggling with the generation of the student number  Instructions for generating student nr  The student number should have 7 digits The first two digits represent the year the student registers in (the last two digits of the full year) Which I get like this and it works fine:  Here is my problem:  the next 4 numbers represents the number of students who have registered thus far, this number is always padded with 0 from the left to make up four digits.   Example if 20 students have registered thus far (in 2014) then the next student will have student number 140021  4 The last digit is a check digit which you get by summing the first 6 individual numbers of the student number, divide the result by 10 and take the remainder, and subtract the remainder by 10 to get last digit. Fine that is easy enough, but what if only one student has registered thus far? Surely that cant produce a correct result My Question (See Number 3 above) How do I generate numbers 3 to 6, padding from left to right incrementing with one with each new registration? I tried the following code but it is far off from working   My interface looks like this  Please note Im not asking for someone to complete this code for me, im just looking for a bit of advice, someone who can point me in the right direction etc. Also is the IF statment the correct selection structure I should use for the generation of the student number?", A little more perferred way...  Your issue with your if that you have asked...  Heres you full edited code...  'Add one more to user variable...As you requested :) ,1.0,0,1983,2,7,1,1
792,Access 2007: Refresh Parent Form from datasheet view in subform,"I have a parent form named frmProject.  There is a Total Time text box called txtTotalTime - the data control source does a DLookUp for a query that adds together time spent. The subform on the Project Form is called frmProjectHistory.  The default view of it is datasheet view. I've tried setting the On Dirty event for frmProjectHistory to Me![frmProject].requery or Me![frmProject].[txtTotalTime].requery (or Forms! inplace of Me!).  each time I get ""can't find the object"" followed by the Me!frmProject.... I'm needing to update the Total Time box on frmProject every time either a new record is entered in the subform datasheet view - or when time is adjusted for a previous event.","Since frmProjectHistory is the child form you can't reference the parent with the  keyword.  Write out the whole reference -   in VBA or  from the properties window. Also, I think you should use  event.  I believe the  fires before the changes are actually saved.",1.0,1,3821,0,8,0,1
793,call abstract function from a method's own implementation,"I have tried to call an abstract function from a method's own implementation.  which results in the error:  error FS0039: The value or constructor 'doSomethingAbstract' is not   defined  Is calling an abstract function from a method's own implementation illegal or does the problem lie somewhere else? If that being illegal is the case, here (see answer) @Mark Seemann explains composition over inheritance:  What are the alternatives? I'd avoid passing the function via constructor and I'd like to reuse the some code, having  have ""some implementation"" until the call to the abstract function. ",You need to use a  reference: ,,2,152,5,9,1,1
794,Difference between NSCalendarUnitWeekOfYear & NSCalendarUnitWeekOfMonth,"I want to make a  repeat every week, before iOS7 I would use  - except  has been deprecated. The docs say:   ""Use NSCalendarUnitWeekOfMonth or NSCalendarUnitWeekOfYear, depending   on which you mean""  But I don't know what the difference is, so I don't know which one I mean.","These don't appear to be documented but most likely  will be a value from 1-53 (or maybe 0-52) representing the week number within the calendar year while  will be 1-5 (or maybe 0-4) representing the week within the month. This all assumes Gregorian calendar. I can't speak to other calendar types. It seems that  is equal to  which is defined as ""Specifies the original week of a month calendar unit."" and  is equal to  which is defined as ""Specifies the original week of the year calendar unit."".",1.0,12,4141,9,9,1,1
795,Cannot submit form values correctly,"I have a form which have questions and answers and it holds:  ,  ,  , . and i expect each form should save records equals to the questions. I have two problems:  1- only first attribute () in my create action saved with  value , and the other attributes saved as  2- the form submits 2 extra records. my current form has 3 questions when i answer the 3 questions i got 5 records inside the database (and the first record only has null values except for  and the other records all attributes null values. controller:  server log:  new.html.erb ","The one thing I saw first is that you don't need  and  in your controller. You have already mapped them and you only need  and  respectively. On the other hand, each  has an answer hash assigned to it. And so, you should treat is as such. This means, that in your initial mapping   the last argument (answer) has no place. Anyhow, it's not the most right to do this, so look below. Also, the 3rd argument, question, is a bit fuzzy... It's not passed as ""question"", but as a number pointing to a value. You should make it an array. In your form, change this:  into this (no need to tell the form that the value is tagged ""answer_id"", you already know that, so we get rid of the  part)  Then, in your controller action ",,0,53,0,10,1,1
796,Can I make an interface that is a subset of an interface?,"Given  is it possible to make an interface  that contains only  but is referenced from ? For example, if  loses  there will be a compiler error for  until  is removed from it as well. The only alternative I can think of is to make  first and then have  extend it",You can use : ,,1,230,3,2,1,1
797,Get TransformableNode size in metres,I am setting my TransformableNode Size initially in Vector3. Then I scaled my TransformableNode.  I want now the scaled TransformableNode size in metres nit in Vector3.  Please help me in that. I tried these but not getting any solution: ,"To get the size of a renderable in meters, you can do this:  Once you have the size of the renderable, you can get the final size of the TransformableNode by multiplying the renderable's size by the scale: ",,0,311,3,2,1,1
798,BigQuery: Questions on Delete and Update rows using nodejs,"I've found a lot of  examples to query and insert data into BigQuery but didn't find any example nor API description on how to delete and update rows in the database. I am aware of the limitations (30 minutes since last change, etc.). The only tip I've found I got from   But even vscode couldn't give me a tip about updating. Do you know any  documentation on this? Some of resources I've been looking for  query examples by googleapis and DMLs google Manual",Building on the  example:  See also the DELETE statement documentation.,,1,2044,7,2,1,1
799,Unable to set a custom worker factory in WorkManager,"I use this code to set my own worker factory:  After this code execution, I can get the WorkManager instance:  The problem is that for every worker created after this point, my factory is never used. The default factory is used instead. I can see in the API documentation that the method ""WorkManager.initialize"" has a note:  Disable androidx.work.impl.WorkManagerInitializer in your manifest  I cannot find any information on how to do this. Was this on some older versions of the WorkManager and they forgot to remove from the documentation or is this really necessary? If so, how?","From the documentation of   By default, this method should not be called because  is   automatically initialized. To initialize  yourself, please   follow these steps: Disable  in your manifest In    or a , call this method before   calling   So what you need is to disable  in your Manifest file:  And in your custom  class, initialize your :  Note: By default,  will add a  called  with authorities set to .  If you pass wrong authorities in your Manifest file while disabling the , Android will not be able to compile your manifest.",3.0,5,3373,12,2,1,1
800,Sikuli integration with selenium error for wait condition,"enter image description here  screen.wait(username, 10);  I'm having an error message like at  and how can I run Sikuli integration with selenium projects in command prompt even I have added required Sikuli jar - while running in command prompt I'm getting as Sikuli package missing. ",You need to use an exact path of an image like below code. Here I tested for google page for searching contents and click on google search button.  I attached sample images how you can take a snapshot and match exactly while running sikuli program  ,,0,838,0,3,1,1
801,implement carbon to compare date (API)," //model mosque   This is my controller for search. the relation is the mosque has many events and activity. in the activities and events, I have column start date and end date. how I implement carbon to compare today date with the start date and compare today date with end date which will give the result only the mosque that has an event and activity between start date and end date. Thank you",in your  relationships you can provide a  like this. Possible solution.  Note that the  and  have to be of  otherwise if they are  you would need to typecast them first,,0,44,1,3,1,1
802,d3 circles not responding when x axis changed,"I have a chart that displays circles which represent different events over a timeline. I've included buttons so users can select a timeline view of 3, 6, 12 and 18 months from today. The 12 and 18 month buttons work fine but the 3 and 6 months buttons both fail. Here's the working code in blockbuilder. When I console.log the start and end dates it looks fine. All of the timeline buttons (3, 6, 12 and 18) all return correct dates and times. I'm completely confused why some buttons work and some don't. Any ideas why I can specify some days to the timeline but not others?","The reason those ""Next [x]-months"" buttons are not working lies in this piece of your code (line 551 in the current block builder link):  If you examine your data after this, you will find that a lot of your data points have been replaced with s. I am not sure what the underlying reason for this is as I have no experience with  and in any case, it has been deprecated and replaced with d3-delaunay.  If you do something like:  You will no longer see the error and buttons will work although I am not sure if the resulting visualization is actually what you want. But the question was about those error-throwing buttons and I believe this is the reason. Hope this helps.",,0,42,1,3,0,1
803,"Positioning UIScrollView scrollIndicatorInsets to edges, no spacing?","How does the ScrollView.scrollIndicatorInsets actually work ? If you set all insets to 0 as default, and you do some debugging you will actually find that the scrollbar isn't exactly near the bottom or right edges by default as it should be.    As you can see, there is some extra spacing between the scrollbar and the scroll view edges.  Is there any way that I can place the scrollbar bottom left corner exactly at the bottom left corner of the view programatically ? I don't want to hardcode anything, I want it to work on any scrollview size and screen.  What do the insets actually specify (yes, I know they specify a rectangle for the scrollbar) ? Is there a default spacing-to-edge that iOS uses for the scrollbar and I have to take that into consideration ? Is there glow on the scrollbar's layer view, hence the spacing ? EDIT: I solved this using the non-convential approach by accessing the UIView from the scrollbar itself (subviews.last), and using the smallest size (which is the thickness).","Quick inspection shows the Scroll Indicators with Insets set to  (the default) places them 3-pts from the edges. You can try using:  which should align the horizontal indicator flush to the bottom, and flush with the left and right edges, and the vertical indicator flush to the right, and flush with the top and bottom edges. You might want to get the frame(s) first though, as it's possible it varies between devices / sizes / iOS versions. Edit: A couple clarifying notes... The  are image views. You can find them by inspecting the scroll view's subviews (code or with Debug View Hierarchy). The default insets (of Zero) put those image views 3-pts from the edge of the scroll view's frame. With a  scroll view, the origin of the vertical indicator is:   and the origin of the horizontal indicator is:  So, using:  moves the origins to   I suppose it's possible that could change in the future. As fewer and fewer people use devices with small screens, Apple could change the width/height to 3 or 3.5 or whatever, and could change the default inset from 3 to something else. Which is why I said you might want to get the frames to get the proper inset values, rather than hard-coding them to . Curiously, though, until the indicator frames have been drawn to the screen - either by flashing them or actually scrolling the content - their frames are set to 7-pts in height (for the vertical indicator) and 7-pts width (for the horizontal), and positioned at the bottom-right corner. So, with the  scroll view frame, the indicator frames are initially:  That still tells you they are 3-pts from the edges, but it's not quite as clear... and again, no guarantee that won't change in the future. If you really want sure the indicators will go where you want them, your best bet may be to use custom views instead of the built-in indicators.",,1,1789,1,3,1,1
804,Print all node names between two tags in XML with XSLT,"I have the following XML structure:  I have to extract all the nodes names between consequent  nodes. The  nodes are in different level of depth in the tree. The output should look like this:  I tried different x-Path expressions but unsuccessfully since they always have some specific scope(descendant-or-self::node(), following-sibling, etc..)","Simple grouping problem in XSLT 2 or 3:  Complete sample https://xsltfiddle.liberty-development.net/bdxtqQ is:  As for your edit of having elements preceding the first  that you don't want to output, change the template doing the grouping to  https://xsltfiddle.liberty-development.net/bdxtqQ/1 The way the  works (see https://www.w3.org/TR/xslt-30/#element-for-each-group) is that if the first item in the group population is not matching the  pattern it forms a group nevertheless:  If the group-starting-with attribute is present, then its value must   be a pattern. The items in the population are examined in population order. If an   item matches the pattern, or is the first item in the population, then   a new group is created and the item becomes its first member.   Otherwise, the item is appended to the same group as its preceding   item within the population.  This is helpful in many cases but then often requires to use a nested  or  inside the  that tests whether we have a ""real"" group matching the  pattern or have just collected any items before the first such group.",,0,271,2,3,1,1
805,Sort JS object of objects(nested)," How to sort this in descending order by taking occurrences as base, This is a global variable. So I want to store it in a different object and sort that one with descending order.. ","You can not sort objects, but you can transform it to array of values:  The result will be:  However you can sort your keys separately if you need them as well:  And your result will be an array ",1.0,0,76,2,3,1,1
806,TCP connection is being closed before I can get a user input,"I have setup a server to wait for a TCP connection and read an input from the user:  The issue I am having is in my  function. I want to kick off reading the input into a goroutine because there will be additional data processing. However, when I connect to my server (), my connection gets dropped immediately.  I see the message , but I am not able to input anything because my connection is immediately terminated and I am kicked back to my bash terminal. What am I doing wrong here? Edit: I am following this tutorial - https://github.com/mycoralhealth/blockchain-tutorial/blob/master/networking/main.go. I have tried moving  outside the goroutine and this works, but the code example here has it within the goroutine and his example works. Why is this the case?","Since you're spawning a goroutine in your  func, it doesn't need to wait for anything to return, so the deferred  runs and closes the connection. You might need to run  out of the goroutine so that it blocks waiting for input.",,0,40,2,3,1,1
807,"react-native run-android ""Could not install the app on the device...""","Scenario Attemping to run  results in  Scanning folders for symlinks in   /Users/Jackson/Sites/fnmultiapptest/node_modules (11ms) JS server   already running. Building and installing the app on the device (cd   android && ./gradlew installDebug)...  Could not install the app on the   device, read the error above for details. Make sure you have an   Android emulator running or a device connected and have set up your   Android development environment:   https://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/getting-started.html  Relevant Info I can run my app fine from Android Studio if I run it on an emulator. I can also connect to the react-native ""Metro Bundler"".  reports back with emulator device id.  and  are present and correct Question Why can't I install my app to the emulator when using  if it works fine via Android Studio (which also uses ADB) Extra Notes  Working on a MBP w 12.14 Mojave Android Studio version 3.2.1 Emulator OS is 8.0 (api 26) ",This seemed like a blanket try/catch error message so I dug in the the command mentioned  And when running that I saw  So I ran  and violá,,1,5408,13,3,1,1
808,How are variables involved in a for loop's body if they are not defined?,"Sorry there was a mistake earlier in this. This actually worked, but I'm confused where the value of result is involved in the for loop. ","In your for loop, the variable result Is created outside of the for loops scope. Essentially, you are just changing the result variable that has already been created. If you attempted to create a new variable within the for loop such as ""newResult = base * result"", it would fail if you attempted to use it outside of the for loop. Here is a simple example that optimizes your code:  Then you could optimize the exponent method like so:  Now, for your specific question, lets imagine changing the for loop in your example to this below, this is the important point:  That code above would generate an error because you are trying to access a variable outside of the scope it was created in. However, since result is passed to the method in your example as a parameter, it is considered to be accessible by the for loop that is created later within the scope of the method. Essentially, the result variable that you already defined will simply reference a new value inside of your for loop. If we attempted to create a new result variable in the for loop such as newResult, you would not be able to reference it outside of the scope of that for-loop. ",,-5,51,0,4,1,1
809,Comparing one table column against another column using SUMPRODUCT,"I am looking into writing a formula that counts how many entries in a column Data[Country] match a list determined in a separate table column Included[Countries].  I have tried using the  function as below: = but this returns an error. If I replace Included[Countries] by an array of the constituents, e.g. , this works, however I want to avoid harcoded values. I have also tried  but this has not worked. Any ideas please?"," does not work as SUMPRODUCT expects the two ranges to be the same size at it will iterate both row by row.  If they are different sizes it will return an error.  works because you are using an array and not a range.  does not iterate on its own and thus will only return the first cell count. To get it to iterate use COUNTIFS() inside SUMPRODUCT():  So, you were close to the solution, just needed to understand how to combine the two approaches.",,0,35,0,4,1,1
810,"Solution fails to build w/ missing auto-generated .g.cs file for the first time, succeeds on second build","I'm building a WPF app w/ Visual Studio 2015 (Update 3), and—at least by now, I'm not sure for how long this has been the case—every time I make a change and compile, I'll get a failed build w/ the error  6>CSC : error CS2001: Source file 'C:[...]\Obj\Debug\AnyCPU\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs' could not be found.`  If I just build a second time, though, it works just fine.  This smells to me like a dependency on another file that is generated afterwards or something like that, but I haven't been able to find out what it is, a google search didn't net anything either, and neither did a search through my project what this file is used for in the first place (the name suggests its purpose, but I don't know where exactly it is used). It might also be that the (group-policy-mandated) Anti-Virus is holding an exclusive lock on the file or its dependency for a moment too long, and VS stumbles over that, I think I remember a problem like this at my last job, but I'm not sure that is the case (and I can't simply disable the scanner for a check, it's completely locked down and I don't want to violate company policy for trying to circumvent it). Any ideas? It's not critical since it's easy to work around, but it's annoying and I don't really want to check in the project like this in the end.","I had the same issue and i found why it happened (in my case). Every project of our solution has the same output folder. The file GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs was generated at the same place for each project. The build order/dependencies were computed and Visual Studio found that some project could be build in parallel. In Tools > Options > Project & Solutions > Build and Run you can find the option ""Maximum number of parallel project builds.  After changed from 8(in my case) to 1, no more files generated at the same time :) It is a little slower to compile but really less annoying than compile multiple times... \o/",1.0,2,1061,1,4,0,0
811,"Getting the ""Records"" and ""Duplicates"" counts of INSERT ... SELECT ... ON DUPLICATE KEY UPDATE","The  returns as affected-rows a number derived from , and this is well documented in multiple places. However in the output of the MySQL Command-Line Tool, I've noticed this extra info:  Namely, the numbers  and . Analyzing have determined:  The  is affected-rows (a.k.a. ).  is the number of rows fetched by the  part.  is the number of rows actually changed by the  part.  Consequently:   is the number of rows actually inserted.  is the number of rows duplicated but not changed (i.e. values were set to the same value).  Which brings us to the question: How does one obtain these numbers  and  in a program?  (I'm using MySQL Connector/J if that helps answer the question.) Possibly for , issuing a  on  directly after the  is one way. I have no idea where  comes from.","The C api does not provide direct access to these values (or the underlying information to calculate these values) as numbers, as it does with . You have however access to that message using :  mysql_info()  Description Retrieves a string providing information about the most recently executed statement, but only for the statements listed here. For other statements, mysql_info() returns NULL. The format of the string varies depending on the type of statement, as described here. The numbers are illustrative only; the string contains values appropriate for the statement.   String format:   [...]   String format:    Return Values A character string representing additional information about the most recently executed statement. NULL if no information is available for the statement.  You can/have to parse these (query dependent) strings if you need access to those values in detail. The mysql client simply displays this message as it is. Unfortunately, not every api, including the , implements or relays this feature, so those detailed values seem to not be accessable here.",1.0,5,127,2,4,1,1
812,Generating arbitrarily-parameterized functions in a loop,"I'm trying to create a bunch of cookie-cutter functions and stick 'em in a hash. So far, I've got a macro that expands into such a function:  That repetitive , ,  pattern is awfully boilerplate-y, so I tried converting it to a loop:  Unfortunately, this blows up because  is operating on the value  instead of the value OF , because it's getting macroexpanded at compile time, not evaluated at runtime. But as I learned when I asked this question,  won't work as a function, because it needs to construct the  form at compile time. (At least, I think that's what I learned from that? Please tell me I'm wrong about this point! I'd love to have my function-factory be a function, not a macro!) My current thought is to write a  macro instead of a loop. Is that the right thing to do (or at least a non-insane thing to do), or is there a better way?","Since you know the arguments at compile/macro-expansion time, you won't need apply:  There is also no need to double quote things in a list:  Code like that is very unusual. Code generation at runtime The name  makes no sense, since it makes a function. The function needs to generate executable code: either use  or use .  Construction via macros  In your code you would write at top-level: ",,2,82,4,4,1,1
813,Create a kibana dashboard with data from 50 tables in database,"I have 50 tables that have data related to each other.  Usually if there are only 2-3 tables, we create SP to join all tables and use the output to create a single index for elastic search and then kibana. But with 50 tables, that will mean hundreds of columns for the SP output (and each table has 10,000-1,000,000 rows), SP doesn't seem a good way. I tried to create 50 index with similar name, and then use index pattern. But when creating dashboard form index pattern, it seems that there is actually no 'join' feature there.  Here are 2 sample table structures: Table1 has: Departmentid, department address, deparment name Table2 has: employeename, Departmentid, employeeage So expecting these 2 tables to join together with 'Departmentid' as the key. Remember that we have 50 tables, and lots of data from each table. Any suggestions? Ella","Elasticsearch is not your traditional RDBMS. So there is no concept of joins. There is limited join support using parent/child within same index. But that has relatively bit slower performance compared to denormalized flat document structure or using nested attributes.  You will need to first model your index structure and determine, what part of 50 tables/columns is meaningful enough to bring on to elasticsearch. Just because its called schemaless and you have the option to dump it does not necessary mean that you load everything into your index.  So my suggestion is to spend time modeling your index structure first, decide what attributes are needed now and anticipate in future, then finalize your sourcing query. Also, depending on how frequently you need to load data into your index, you may not have to go the SP route. You can use logstash to load data using the underlying SQL query or you can code cluster data loader leveraging ES client libraries. Worst case, you can even even use CURL to directly call the bulk API with prepared json data files. So pick whatever is most appropriate for your use case.",,0,23,1,1,0,0
814,On button click previously pressed button's value is set to blank,"I've created multiple buttons in HTML, and have a onclick function specified. When I click a button, the correct actions happen (the value changes, etc.) However when I click another button, the previously clicked button has its value set to nothing. HTML Button Creation: (I'm using flask, so things in {{}} get replaced)  Javascript  function:  I've also tried using  like so:  Edit: example of what happens when the button is clicked First button clicked:  Second button clicked: ",You should create a separate XMLHttpRequest object for each click event inside the  function.  https://jsfiddle.net/gh68qrtx/,1.0,0,21,1,1,1,1
815,How to redirect from https://www.* to https://* with golang library net/http,"I'm trying to redirect all requests to the same url with the golang library net/http. Currently working:  http://DOMAIN -> https://DOMAIN  http://www.DOMAIN -> https://DOMAIN  Not yet working:  https://www.DOMAIN -> https://DOMAIN  Both urls return the same content for all requested resources, but that doesn't matter for session cookies. My minimal code:  I'm not really interested in adding another library to solve this one problem, everything else works just fine with the golang default net/http.",Wrap the TLS server handler with a handler that either redirects to the bare domain or delegates to the original handler. The code in the question uses http.DefaultServeMux as the TLS server the handler.  Here's a handler function that either redirects or calls through to http.DefaultServeMux:  Use this handler in the TLS server: ,,-1,52,1,1,1,1
816,JQuery hover efect not starting on first hover,"I have a menu that I want to animate on hover to slide down an sub menu.  Problem with this is that on first hover menu doesn't slide down, just on second and all after that until page is again initialized.  In example code you you can see the behavior, to see the first hover not taking effect just press run again. I have read few articles here and none of it makes sense to me and I can not relate to any of them.  Been trying for hours now so any help or guidance is welcome.  Also bonus* sub menu dos not actually slide up, but I can live with that...       ","The difference between your initial html and the html after the first slideDown/slideUp is that after the first time, all the elements have a  on them.  If you initialize the html with that inline style, it works from the get go.       ",,1,29,1,6,1,1
817,mysql_tzinfo_to_sql - updating the timezone tables after you already loaded them and other questions,"I just used mysql_tzinfo_to_sql to load the zoneinfo database into mysql.  They all imported fine.  I have some questions that I can't seem to find answers for :  Are the names in  the same as those used in PHP?  I am assuming PHP uses the same  information so the names would be the same as well right? It mentions the tables need to be repopulated every now and then when timezone data changes.  Is this when tzdata is updated though  updates?  Is  my  information? If the above is true, tzdata updates, and I need to repopulate my tables... how do I do that?  Can I just run  again?  Will that command overwrite the information that is currently there or do I need to manually delete all the table entries before doing so?  Thanks for any information on the above.  So far the timezone names used in PHP seem to match up, but I have not looked into it further other than a few tests.  As for the last two... I am just trying to get ahead of things so if/when the tables need updated I do not have trouble.","MySQL and your OS both use time zone from the IANA time zone database. On many Linux distributions, these come from the  package distribution, which installs them into . So, yes - they are all the same. With regard The MySQL time zone tables, the documentation says:  If your system has its own zoneinfo database, reload the MySQL time zone tables whenever the zoneinfo database is updated.  So, yes - you should simply run the command again any time you update to the latest tzdata package.",,1,86,1,3,1,1
818,Python inheritance. Field variable doesn't exist?,I have an employee class that is the superclass of a production worker class. There is an issue where an instance of a production worker does not seem to recognize the existence of one of the defined fields of its superclass (Employee) Here is the error message plus what I inputted into the program  Here are the class definitions   Here is the main method ,You've assigned to your class in  but are not retrieving the class variable on the call to . You will want your getter to reference the class attribute as well: ,,0,25,1,2,1,1
819,How can I specialize a standard concept for my own class?,"I have a template function that should work for all integral types:  Now I want to use this function with some user defined integral type, e.g. boost::multiprecision::cpp_int  gcc 10 gives  which is, of course, correct. What can I do to fix this, i.e. how can I specialize a standard concept for my own type?"," how can I specialize a standard concept for my own type?  You don't. Concepts can't be specialized. Type traits can be under certain circumstances, but  isn't one that you can, so that's not the right route either.  What can I do to fix this  You need to come up with the right concept for the set of algorithms you're using. Obviously the most literal one is:  But don't do that. You probably need some kind of generic  concept and add requirements for, whatever, , , , etc. Concepts come from algorithms - so figure out the generic requirements that your algorithms are imposing and work up from there. ",,1,51,1,2,1,1
820,Pagination for Firestore animated list flutter,"I'm making a chat app that messages should be shown on screen with nice animation and my backend is Firestore, so I decided to use this (https://pub.dev/packages/firestore_ui) plugin for animating messages. Now I want to implement pagination to prevent expensive works and bills.  Is there any way? How should I implement it? main problem is making a firestore animated list with , It's easy to make simple  with pagination. as you can see in below code, this plugin uses  to show incoming messages (documents) with animation:  if we want to use  widget instead, we will have problem because we should track realtime messages(documents) that are adding to our collection.",I put together an example for you: https://gist.github.com/slightfoot/d936391bfb77a5301335c12e3e8861de ,,1,128,1,0,1,1
821,How to know if Google Cloud function is running in dev or prod?,"Trying to find out if there is a programmatic way to know, when running a cloud function, if it's running in dev (locally with functions-framework) or in prod (deployed). E.g. in Google AppEngine, we could know if it was running in dev or prod by:  Is there anything similar with GCF? Thanks!","So, I found this blog post: https://rominirani.com/google-cloud-functions-tutorial-using-environment-variables-20b4f0f82aa0 Turns out, there's lots of env vars in the GCF environment when it deploys. Now, having said that, I don't know how many of those are present in the test framework but I suspect not many of them. So you could rely on checking for the presence of one of the env vars that's in the production deployment and isn't present in the dev. e.g.  is one of the vars that probably isn't set up for the framework since the framework likely doesn't care what region it's in. It's a bit hacky, but it'll work. Even hackier, if you wanted, you could when you deploy the GCF, set your own env var that you rely on (that way, in the case of any of those vars changing over time, you're still safe).",,1,32,1,2,1,1
822,How to edit page length in datatables,I need help changing the number of entries shown in datatables. Their documentation says your supposed to use pageLength. This is my code:  Here is the table. http://thesgn.com/board/index.php?pages/testmemberlist/,As per the latest version it's  what you have to change as below:  So if you want to display  records just remove  from the list above in both the dimensions. Here is the Source EDIT :  to display all the records use only  EDIT 2: Try this  ,,1,842,1,5,1,1
823,Kendo Scheduler same start and end date for all day event,I want to make start date and end date same for Kendo UI Scheduler when All day event set to false. I tried this on edit:  But it is not making end same as start. Can anyone help?,"You're doing this: , which is setting the end date an hour later than the start date. This works for me:  You can use less code too: ",1.0,1,1285,1,5,1,1
824,How can I return both types of data in an action inside my controller?,"So, I have an ActionResult inside my controller that is supposed to grab the existing values from my database and return the parameters to the view.  My method is called ReadMeasurements and it grabs Angle and point data.I want to return both angle and point data if it exists/not null. I noticed the way I have it set up right now, I am only returning my angle data because when angle data and point data is not null, the code only returns the angle data and not the point data.  How can I return both angle and point data inside my method?  Here's my code:  ",Create a type that holds them both and return that instead:  You could do it with an anonymous type if you wanted too: ,,0,69,5,5,1,1
825,Good free sqlite gui tool,"I would like to ask if there is any free SQLite gui tool for an android device. I try some but they are not good enough. Regards, Jimmy"," is a great tool. You can get it from here. Steps :   Get the database file through Android Device Monitor which will be in . Pull that db file and save it with file extension . Open , choose attach the database and select the pulled file where you stored.  You can now view the schema, add stuffs and whatever you want. Later, push the file into that location where you initially pulled.",,0,1013,3,6,0,1
826,Python: Why are sufficiently large floating point values infinite?," Why does Python decide that large floats are infinite? If the representation can't represent that value, I would expect it to give an error, like this does:  Why is the first case silent if the second case complains?","Because you tried to create a floating point number that is larger that the largest value representable in a floating point value. See the  named tuple;  is the largest value representable in such values. Python floats, unlike Python integers, have an upper limit determined by your OS and hardware platform, integers are limited by your available memory. On my Mac, that maximum value is:  So a 1 with 308 zeros is representable, but a 2 with that many zeros is not:  Floats are limited because floating point arithmetic is typically handled by the floating point unit on your CPU, and Python's float type is limited to what that piece of hardware can handle. Defining a float literal is a different operation from applying arithmetic to a floating point value; the first is determined at compile time, the latter is determined at runtime. A literal could only produce a  exception, while at runtime you can throw other exceptions. But throwing a syntax error for a float literal that on other platforms could still be valid is not really an option, so instead of an exception you get  instead. The Python specification for float literals only declares that the permitted range is implementation dependent:  The allowed range of floating point literals is implementation-dependent.  There is a point where calculations too return  because once you have reached infinity calculations are easy (most cases just give you a form of infinity back), but close to infinity you get overflows instead. The float exponentiation implementation simply uses the C  function, and the exception is thrown when that function reports an overflow.",,3,125,5,6,1,1
827,NameValuePair and MultipartEntity,in my post request i previously used NameValuePair  but now i use MultiPartEntity to upload Image to server..i know using 'myEntity.addPart()' in can add String values to multipartentity.but how can i add these lines to multiPartEntity ,I given sample code for how to use  with string and file data.  in you case try below code. ,,0,1138,2,7,1,1
828,"EF, Do i really have to create an entity in the db before being able to relate it?","You can tell from the following code that things aren't going quite as planned:  It's a mess.  I'm having to set CreatedAt and CreatedBy etc on all of my entities regardless of all of them having that... I'm having to relate each object to each other The application doesn't even like it:   Cannot insert the value NULL into column 'FieldBookingMessageThreadID', table '**.dbo.FieldBookingMessageThreads'; column does not allow nulls. INSERT fails.   The statement has been terminated.   The problem seems to be that the entities must first be created, in order to link them all up... But this can't be right... there must be a way of making entity framework do the bulk of this work. What am I missing out, where am I going wrong? Extra info: Field booking  Field booking message thread  MessageThread inherited by FieldMessageThread:  Field Message class  Error output of insert: ","I created the following MCVE of a 1:* relationship as close as I could to yours given the information specified in your question using a blank console application and the EF 6.1.3 nuget package:-  This program outputs the following, which matches the expected behaviour:-  This means something is going wrong elsewhere in your code, or possibly in your previously created database. There is nothing wrong with your code as you have described it, and it is not the case that ""Entities must first be created, in order to link them all up"". You need to strip your own code back to an MCVE. In my experience, doing so generally either makes the bug obvious enough to spot, or otherwise gives answerers enough information to help resolve your problem. In particular, my intuition is that the problem may lie somewhere in the inheritance between  and . Would you care to post the code to your  class? As to your second question, there are several ways to automate audit columns on your tables. I use more-or-less the solution listed here:- DateCreated or Modified Column - Entity Framework or using triggers on SQL Server (as per my MCVE), but it's probably worth having a hunt around all the various different solutions to find one you like.",1.0,0,212,2,7,1,1
829,"When to save data to database, onPause() or onStop()?","I know this question has been asked a million times, I myself though that I already knew the answer and that the correct one was that the only guaranteed call is to onPause(), so you should save your data there. However, in many places of android documentation they always suggest not doing heavy work (such as writing data in database) in the onPause() method as it will delay the transition between the activities. According to Android Developer Guide in Table 1  onPause(): This method is typically used to commit unsaved changes to persistent data, stop animations and other things that may be consuming CPU, and so on. It should do whatever it does very quickly, because the next activity will not be resumed until it returns. Killable: YES  Then according to Android Developer Reference Guide in the similar table. It says the same thing but:  Killable: Pre-HONEYCOMB  And they add a little note that says:  Be aware that these semantics will change slightly between applications targeting platforms starting with HONEYCOMB vs. those targeting prior platforms. Starting with Honeycomb, an application is not in the killable state until its onStop() has returned. This impacts when onSaveInstanceState(Bundle) may be called (it may be safely called after onPause() and allows and application to safely wait until onStop() to save persistent state.   Killable  Note the ""Killable"" column in the above table -- for those methods that are marked as being killable, after that method returns the process hosting the activity may killed by the system at any time without another line of its code being executed.  FOR POST-HONEYCOMB (i dont care about earlier versions): So, is it OK to assume that any Android device (including different ROMS) will ensure a call to onStop on the activity? And this is the best place to make any time consuming storage writing of the App? Note: This is extremely confusing as most answers here, sites, books, and even online android tests take as a correct answer that you should save it in onPause and NOT in onStop."," When to save data to database, onPause() or onStop()?  Either. They are nearly identical, particularly on Android 3.0+. If the activity that is taking over the foreground is a typical full-screen activity, so that the earlier activity is no longer visible,  and  will be called in rapid succession. If the activity that is taking over the foreground is themed to be more like a dialog, where the earlier activity is still visible,  will be called, but not , until such time as the activity is no longer visible (e.g., user now presses HOME). Most apps aren't worried about the ""themed to be more like a dialog"" scenario, in which case  and  are called one right after the next, and you can fork your background thread to save your data in whichever of those makes sense to you.  However, in many places of android documentation they always suggest not doing heavy work (such as writing data in database) in the onPause() method as it will delay the transition between the activities.  The same is true of , as both of those methods are called on the main application thread.  So, is it OK to assume that any Android device (including different ROMS) will ensure a call to onStop on the activity?  Both  and  will have the same characteristics from the standpoint of process termination. Either both should be called (normal case) or neither will be called (e.g., you crash, the battery pops out the back of the phone).  And this is the best place to make any time consuming storage writing of the App?  Either  or  are fine places to trigger the work, done on a background thread, to persist your data. If you prefer to do that work in , you are absolutely welcome to do so. Personally, I'm an  kind of guy.",5.0,16,7934,19,7,0,1
830,FFMPEG Online Redistribution in IIS Server Streaming Onvif IP Camera,I'm very new with ffmpeg. Consider the following case: I have several onvif ip camera connected to the network with an IIS server inside it. I'd like to allow client to streaming to any of ip camera inside the network but it must through the IIS server. So basically each of ip camera will stream to IIS server in single stream and IIS server will re-distribute to many client who request it. My question is how to setup iis server to works with this scenario? And an example of ffmpeg command line to read from rtsp ip camera and send it the iis server which will re-distribute it to client.,"You can use HTTP live streaming for this scenario, either HLS or DASH. HTTP streaming adds some latency so you need to do a bit of research on how to tweak the encoding parameters for low-latency. The basic idea is that you need to segment the incoming stream and make those segments and playlist/manifest available via your existing web server infrastructure. Example for FFmpeg and HLS:  On the client you will then use the URL . HLS in not supported natively on all devices so get a web player like JWplayer or clappr. The client needs 3 segments to start the playback. FFmpeg HLS For DASH the idea is similar but you also need to use MP4Box.",,1,1477,1,8,0,1
831,PHP cURL refuses to POST to website,"I would like to ask for some kind assistance. I've been trying for hours reading different articles and Q&As for a possible cure as to why PHP cURL refuses to POST. But none of the methods I try are giving any results. The website I am attempting to POST to is ""pixiv.net"". Here is my current PHP code:  On the website, the HTML portion of the login area is as follows:  So far, the GET works fine in saving the cookie from the website. I set the HTTP Headers to be the exact same as my current browser's, as well as some other things to help spoof the connection. I blanked out my login details here, but I assure you that they're correct. The header returned by the website is:  Does anybody have an idea as to what I could be doing wrong? If it helps, the website does load (GET) some of their own images, which show as 403's in my browser's console (probably because the website detected that it's not a same-domain request). This PHP page is being run locally on XAMPP, and I'm not getting any errors from cURL.","Update 2 First request Request header (http://www.pixiv.net/)  Response header (http://www.pixiv.net/)  Second request Request header (https://www.secure.pixiv.net/login.php) This has a cookie from previous response.  Response header (https://www.secure.pixiv.net/login.php) This redirects to http://www.pixiv.net/  (See  in headers), then http://www.pixiv.net/ redirects to http://www.pixiv.net/mypage.php. It did not alter the cookies so I skipped http://www.pixiv.net/ and when right to http://www.pixiv.net/mypage.php  NOTICE: Last line of Response Header  This is the URL the Browser is being redirected to. but I skipped  because it did not set new cookies.  just created another 302 redirect to  Third request Request header (http://www.pixiv.net/mypage.php)  Response header (http://www.pixiv.net/mypage.php)   FINAL PHP CODE Get new cookies from a 302 redirect.  Makes third request with the 302 URL.  end of update2  UPDATE This starts fresh every login by getting a new cookie to use for login each time it is executed. This goes to http://www.pixiv.net/ and gets the cookie for the login.   Worked well for me.  Gets the response header:  Finds all Set-Cookie and all the cookies:  Then convert $cookies array back to a string:  Do Login:      With cookie from first request:  end of update  I went directly to:  Using the cookie from   For sure  postData was wrong:  It add all the spaces and newline characters:  do it like this:  I did not use these:  I added the cookie to the HTTP Header:  These I use just in case there is trouble and are not needed.   This Worked  }",,0,569,2,8,1,1
832,UDP in Javascript for interprocess communication on localhost,"Is there anyway to send a UDP packet to a local port (and receive UDP packets from a local port) with Javascript?  I don't want to have to run node.js, although there is a  object there. I'm using IE, so can't use the Mozsockets or chrome.udp.sockets objects.  Could I host a swf in an iFrame and use flash to send from javascript (via Flash) to a local port, for example? That's the only think of so far.","Short answer: No, there is no way to do this in Javascript for security reasons. Long answer: Some plugins support UDP communications. For example, you could use Flash's Adobe AIR's DatagramSocket. If you are interfacing with an existing API which you cannot change, this might be your only option. However, if you are building this app from scratch and intend to deploy it on the web, I would strongly suggest that you consider a different mode of transport. Take a look at LocalStorage or Shared Workers for browser-based IPC, Websockets for asynchronous client-server communication and WebRTC for peer-to-peer communication (although support for this standard is still a work in progress). This will allow you to support Apple devices and Linux as Adobe drops flash support on the platform, as well as provide better security guarantees than Flash or Java applets.",,2,641,1,9,1,0
833,Drop down List saves id instead of name in Rails,"I have cascading 3 dropdown lists. User can select Model Brand and Year and it saves to Boat Model. User has many boats. Boat belongs to User. The problem is with  action i guess. Because it saves ids instead of the names to Boat Model (Brand Model Year (all string)).  Here is my controller;  Here is my  view;  Lastly, if I change the id here  to name, then cascading property does not work. So the form does not update itself dynamically.   I have tried something like at  action  But then it gives an error because of  is wrong. I receive   error. EDIT 1: ","If you look at rails , it's the value method that gets passed on as params, in your case it's the id of year and brand. Change your collection select methods to this:  Your script should be:  and inside your methods you need to find brand and year by name instead of ids ",,1,741,1,9,1,1
834,"Organizing App Version, iDevice OS & Device",Below is a great way to organize all of the following information from one source:  App Version iPhone OS Device  I needed this information so that I can email them as part of my apps feedback feature., To combine that into one string: ,,-4,79,2,9,0,1
835,Mysql: Deleting all rows older than 5 year in every 10 seconds,"I want to delete the rows older than 5 year in mysql table(item).  How can i doing this delete action? Also I want to run this delete action in every 10 seconds, I can do this using event scheduler and trigger? What is the different for this two function?",Try to create an event like this: ,,1,448,3,9,1,1
836,Order and group by with one column,"I would like to order this data by datetime field in descendent with phone number ""grouped by"".   I have tried this but it is not enough.  For example, I would like to have telephone 123 at first place repeated twice times with their datetime field in descendent order. ","You can achieve this result by self-joining your table to a table of the max values of  for each value of , and then sorting based on those max values, followed by the actual  value for that row:  Output:  Demo on dbfiddle",,-1,61,4,1,1,1
837,Thread synchronization problem with c++ std::atomic variables,"The following program is giving me unexpected behavior when it's printing the ""bad"" output once in a while.  The two threads are supposed to synchronize using the two std::atomic variables 's_lock1' and 's_lock2'.  In func2, in order to set the 's_var' variable to 1, it must have atomically stored a non-zero value in 's_lock2' and the other thread (func1) must not have updated the 's_lock1' variable yet. However, somehow in func1 it's printing the unexpected ""bad"" output.  The s_lock2.load() statement seems to return false instead.  Is there something wrong with this code snippet?  Is it an issue related to memory ordering? I am running this on an 8-core Linux server with Centos 7 installed.  Any help is greatly appreciated. ","This locking algorithm may break because of the store buffers in Intel CPUs: the stores do not go into level 1 cache directly but are queued in the store buffer for a while and hence are invisible to another CPU during that time:  To allow performance optimization of instruction execution, the IA-32 architecture allows departures from strong-ordering model called processor ordering in Pentium 4, Intel Xeon, and P6 family processors. These processor-ordering variations (called here the memory-ordering model) allow performance enhancing operations such as allowing reads to go ahead of buffered writes. The goal of any of these variations is to increase instruction execution speeds, while maintaining memory coherency, even in multiple-processor systems.  The store buffers need to be flushed for this locking to work by using  for stores to locks (the default memory order for loads and stores, you can just do , for example).  for stores causes the compiler generate  instruction or insert  instruction after the store, both of which make the effect of the store visible to other CPUs:  Atomic operations tagged  not only order memory the same way as release/acquire ordering (everything that happened-before a store in one thread becomes a visible side effect in the thread that did a load), but also establish a single total modification order of all atomic operations that are so tagged. Sequential ordering may be necessary for multiple producer-multiple consumer situations where all consumers must observe the actions of all producers occurring in the same order. Total sequential ordering requires a full memory fence CPU instruction on all multi-core systems. This may become a performance bottleneck since it forces the affected memory accesses to propagate to every core.  Working example: ",1.0,5,329,4,1,1,1
838,How does member-function understand that the object is obtained by dereferencing a const pointer?,"I created a const pointer which points to an instance of abject allocated dynamically.I could not understand the object itself is const or not. Firstly I tried to call a non-const member function by using pointer, as expected it caused a compile error because (it is my explanation, don't know if it is true or not) this pointer created by the member function is assigned to that const pointer. It did not yield anything. Secondly I tried to dereference  the pointer and call that non-const member function. I thought that the this pointer created by member function now will not be a const pointer because compile can not know the object returned by  (namely ) is returned by a const pointer or not. It turns out that I was mistaken. How does member-function understand that ?  I thought the line labelled as 2 will not create a compile error. It causes a compile error.The error message is:    ","Variables have types and can therefore be const or non-const, but expressions have types too. The type of  is , and you can't call a non-const method of a const type.",2.0,3,108,6,1,1,1
839,How do I print certain elements of a struct in Swift?,I am trying to create a collection of car makes and models. I would like to be able to print either all the makes within my collection or all the models within my collection in Swift. Thanks in advance.  I have been able to create a small collection of car makes and models but I am struggling to work out the final part of printing certain parts of it.  ,There are many ways to do this. You can use for loops:  Or you can use higher-order functions like  and : ,,1,53,0,2,1,1
840,"I want Generic class's ""Class<T>"" with ""Class variable""","I want to get Generic class's type variable for JsonDeserialize.  I've tried it like this way, It doesn't work. Could I get Data.class ??","If you're using Jackson as your library. You can just use :  This code will create a new anonymous sub class of  parameterized with . This class internally uses a ""hackaround"" to get the generic parameter, which then is picked up by Jackson to deserialize your JSON.",,0,35,1,2,1,1
841,How to sort a Map by its value in dart?,"I want to sort a  by values.  this is my map. after i want to get result as {'2017CS300': 6,'207':5,'202':4,'201':4,'206':3,'205':3,'2017CS197':2} Thank You!","The default map class is insertion-ordered on the keys. The easiest approach is to just create a new map with the same entries, added in the order you want. First, let's find the order you want:  (This assumes that your keys and values are all , otherwise you need to figure out how to compare them yourself. In this particular case, where keys are s and values are s, it's only  keys or values that may be incomparable). This orders the entries in reverse value order, and for equal values, in reverse key order. You can then create a new map from those entries:  or you can modify the existing map by removing the old entries and adding the new:  or  There is no functionality on the map class itself to order its entries.",,0,859,2,2,1,1
842,references to Component functionality within innerHTML not working,"Trying to get ngbTooltip to work within the secure confines of innerHTML. At first I thought this doesn't work cause the data to be inserted is retrieved a-synchronously and view rendering + strapping ngB-functionality is already done, so Implemented Route-resolving. Everything resolves fine before the view gets rendered, however,.. tooltip is still not working. Please note (!) that when the tooltip is hard-coded in the according template stuff just works, as is other ngB-functionality, etc... The tooltip is just a trivial example. I need more stuff to function, things like Modals, PopOvers, references to functions in the component. Looked in the Dom after rendering and its just normal HTML in there, no isolated scope or what so over. Component  Routing  Example JSON with the HTML to be inserted ","You can specify the element type in the data structure, along with the tooltip content:  In the template, the appropriate element is inserted with an  directive. The tooltip content, and possibly other values, are supplied through data binding:  See this stackblitz for a demo.",,0,209,1,5,1,1
843,Storm Pacemaker with upgraded KafkaSpout,"I had a question regarding the usage of Pacemaker. We have a currently running Storm cluster on 1.0.2 and are in the process of migrating it to 1.2.2. We also use KafkaSpout to consume data from the KAfka topics.  Now, since this release in for Kafka 0.10 +, most of the load from ZK would be taken off since the offsets won't be stored in ZK. Considering this, does it make sense for us to also start looking at Pacemaker to reduce load further on ZK?  Our cluster has 70+ supervisor and around 70 workers with a few unused slots. Also, we have around 9100+ executors/tasks running.  Another question I have is regarding the heartbeats and who all send it to whom? From what I have read, workers and supervisors send their heartbeats to ZK, which is what Pacemaker alleviates. How about the tasks? Do they also send heartbeats? If yes, then is it to ZK or where else? There's this config called task.heartbeat.frequency.secs which has led me to some more confusion.  The reason I ask this is that if the task level heartbeats aren't being sent to ZK, then its pretty evident that Pacemaker won't be needed. This is because with no offsets being committed to ZK, the load would be reduced dramatically. Is my assesment correct or would Pacemaker be still a feasible option? Any leads would be appreciated."," Pacemaker is an optional Storm daemon designed to process heartbeats from workers, which is implemented as a in-memory storage. You could use it if ZK become a bottleneck because the storm cluster scaled up  report heartbeat to that it is alive, used for failure tolerance, and the frequency is set via supervisor.heartbeat.frequency.secs, stored in ZK. And  should heartbeat to the , the frequency is set via worker.heartbeat.frequency.secs. These heartbeats are stored in local file system. task.heartbeat.frequency.secs: How often a task（executor) should heartbeat its status to the master(Nimbus), it never take effect in storm, and  has been deprecated for Storm v2.0 RPC heartbeat reporting This heartbeat stats what executors are assigned to which worker, stored in ZK. ",,0,233,0,6,0,1
844,How does single-threaded Node.js handles requests concurrently?,"I am currently deeply learning Nodejs platform. As we know, Nodejs is single-threaded, and if it executes blocking operation (for example fs.readFileSync), a thread should wait to finish that operation. I decided to make an experiment: I created a server that responses with the huge amount of data from a file on each request       Also, I launched 5 terminals in order to do parallel requests to a server. I waited to see that while one request is being handled, the others should wait for finishing blocking operation from the first request. However, the other 4 requests were responded concurrently. Why does this behavior occur?","What you're likely seeing is either some asynchronous part of the implementation inside of  to actually send your large amount of data or you are seeing all the data get sent very quickly and serially, but the clients can't process it fast enough to actually show it serially and because the clients are each in their own separate process, they ""appear"" to show it arriving concurrently just because they're too slow reacting to show the actually arrival sequence.   One would have to use a network sniffer to see which of these is actually occurring or run some different tests or put some logging inside the implementation of  or tap into some logging inside the client's TCP stack to determine the actual order of packet arrival among the different requests.  If you have one server and it has one request handler that is doing synchronous I/O, then you will not get multiple requests processes concurrently.  If you believe that is happening, then you will have to document exactly how you measured that or concluded that (so we can help you clear up your misunderstanding) because that is not how node.js works when using blocking, synchronous I/O such as . node.js runs your JS as single threaded and when you use blocking, synchronous I/O, it blocks that one single thread of Javascript.  That's why you should never use synchronous I/O in a server, except perhaps in startup code that only runs once during startup. What is clear is that  is synchronous so your second request will not get started processing until the first  is done.  And, calling it on the same file over and over again will be very fast (OS disk caching). But,  is non-blocking, asynchronous.   is a stream and you're giving the stream some data to process.  It will send out as much as it can over the socket, but if it gets flow controlled by TCP, it will pause until there's more room to send on the socket.  How much that happens depends upon all sorts of things about your computer, it's configuration and the network link to the client. So, what could be happening is this sequence of events:  First request arrives and does  and calls .  That starts sending data to the client, but returns before it is done because of TCP flow control.  This sends node.js back to its event loop. Second request arrives and does  and calls . That starts sending data to the client, but returns before it is done because of TCP flow control.  This sends node.js back to its event loop. At this point, the event loop might start processing the third or fourth requests or it might service some more events (from inside the implementation of  or the writeStream from the first request to keep sending more data.  If it does service those events, it could give the appearance (from the client point of view) of true concurrency of the different requests).  Also, the client could be causing it to appear sequenced.  Each client is reading a different buffered socket and if they are all in different terminals, then they are multi-tasked.  So, if there is more data on each client's socket than it can read and display immediately (which is probably the case), then each client will read some, display some, read some more, display some more, etc...  If the delay between sending each client's response on your server is smaller than the delay in reading and displaying on the client, then the clients (which are each in their own separate processes) are able to run concurrently.  When you are using asynchronous I/O such as , then properly written node.js Javascript code can have many requests ""in flight"" at the same time.  They don't actually run concurrently at exactly the same time, but one can run, do some work, launch an asynchronous operation, then give way to let another request run.  With properly written asynchronous I/O, there can be an appearance from the outside world of concurrent processing, even though it's more akin to sharing of the single thread whenever a request handler is waiting for an asynchronous I/O request to finish.  But, the server code you show is not this cooperative, asynchronous I/O.",2.0,1,507,3,6,1,1
845,'Cannot perform '=' operation on System.Int32 and System.String.',"I am using textbox as search for number, when I put number it searched but when I erased it from box I got error. my code is:  the error is:  Cannot perform '=' operation on System.Int32 and System.String. ",The problem is that empty string validation failed. For empty string you should remove the filter. It should be something like this:  EDIT You can also check each inserted data with  event: ,,0,552,1,7,1,1
846,How to use Electron menu to execute angular 7 navigation,I am using angular 5.2.11 with election version 3.0.7 and am trying to use the Electron menu to navigate to an angular 5 component. When I click on the electron menu it navigates to the page but my component only executes the constructor not any of the angular lifecycle hooks until I click in the electron window. Then the page loads and works as it's supposed to. menu.js file:  index.ts file:  Angular app.component.ts:  angular method in app.component.ts:  It seems mainWindow is not getting focus?  What am I doing wrong?,You will have to use . More here - Angular NgZone. That's what I had to do to make Angular work with Electron and using route navigation inside . Example ,,3,1228,4,7,1,1
847,"What is the purpose of ""a and a or b""?",I came across the following code in ipython:  What is the point of that? Why not use just ? ,"I'm guessing this is a hold-over from ancient (2.4 or earlier) variants of Python, where the ternary operator was not yet available to the language. According to the Python Programming FAQ:  Is there an equivalent of C’s ”?:” ternary operator? Yes, there is. The syntax is as follows:  Before this syntax was introduced in Python 2.5, a common idiom was to use logical operators:  However, this idiom is unsafe, as it can give wrong results when on_true has a false boolean value. Therefore, it is always better to use the ... if ... else ... form.  The line in question could now be written as either:  Both yield the same result, since in this case the  portion of option 1 is identical to the  portion. As I see it, option 2 can be considered a shortened form of option 1 for cases where  and  are identical. Which one you choose to use is a personal preference. This may give us a clue as to how long it has been since the code in question has been touched!",,9,396,9,7,1,1
848,Copying ENUM hash and raw values into a dictionary,"Is there any way to copy all the values of an enumeration into a dictionary without polling them in any FOR loop? For example, from this enumeration:  to call some single function from within the ENUM, something like this:  and get this result (sorted according to hash value):  The preference would be to make only a single call to the ENUM. Thank you."," The result is:  [""PEARS"": 0, ""ORANGES"": 1, ""APPLES"": 2]  For version Swift 4.1 and earlier the implementation of :  Original post of  implementation.",,0,139,2,8,1,1
849,how to use shinyFileChoose to create an reactive object to load a data.frame,"I've been using  in my shiny app to upload a file and then create a reactive object that allow me to read the data.frame and do another stuff like subsetting or filtering. However, I need to get the absolute path of the file for another calculations, and it seems that  only stores a temporal path. Here is the server part that works  However, I would like to use the  option because it stores the real path, and I will need that path to load more files  I have tries this part of code in the server to mimic the same behaviour that  but it does not work  I got an error about  must be a character string or connection and if I use  then the error is about invalid ""description"" argument","There are different possible causes of the error. Try the following steps:  Use  before parsing the file paths Check if  is  before parsing the file paths Return  of the  function.  According to this, your code should look like the following:  Hope it works for you.",1.0,5,420,3,10,1,1
850,Angular 6: Get Token from localStorage After Refresh,"EDIT: I update the code with the answer that PierreDuc gave me. He's solution works for me. I edit the code so everyone could see the working code I'm using canActivate and canActivateChild to know if someone have token for my web and I want to block anyone who don't have token already. I'm using localStorage for the user data and token. When I try to login with user id:1, the guard navigate to page not found, but after I refresh the page I gain access to the page. When I used debugger I saw that before I refreshed the localStorage was empty but had values after the refresh. Why this is happening? how can I fix it? This is the relevant code: app-routing.module.ts  auth.guard.ts  auth-user.service.ts ","The  is async, it won't be finished and will set your localStorage after you already checked it. Change your authService to this:  And update your guard to this: ",2.0,1,3797,5,15,1,1
851,Marriadb index for left wildcard statement,"I have been scratching my head on this problem for days. It shouldn't be this hard yet i haven't found the answer yet. My data looks as following:  Now the next query will bypass the index because the wildcard is at the start of the LIKE statement.  Now this query will use index because indexes start in the beginning  Now for the question: There has to be a method to create a index that starts on the right side so that i can use indexes for statements such as: ""LIKE %@hotmail.com"" without having to create a second column. ","Regular B-tree indexes always index a string value from left-to-right. There's no option to make them index right-to-left. One workaround that I've seen is to make another column to store a copy of the string, reversed, and then index that. MariaDB and MySQL 5.7 also have virtual columns. You can index virtual columns. So you could define a virtual column as the REVERSE() of your regular email column, and index it.  https://mariadb.com/kb/en/mariadb/virtual-computed-columns/ https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/5.7/en/create-table-generated-columns.html  In your case, if you have the need to search separately for email name and email domain, you might store those two components of the email address in separate columns, and index each one.",,1,170,2,1,1,0
852,How to get implicit and explicit identical value to align when both being mixed in,"Assume the following situation  I have a trait A and a trait B that both declare a value that has the same name and type.  A defines the value explicitly, while B defines it implicitly A and B are from external libraries and can not be changed. I don't want to fork. I want to use both of them in a class C that is in my own code  How can I get them to align inside class C?  I want B.foo to be the value from A.foo  Update (with help from Jasper-M)  Now only question remaining, how would I get foo to be in the implicit scope for class C? ",Ideally you can select the implementation you want with . But for vals that doesn't work for some reason.  So if you really need some implicit  in  I would suggest just letting linearization do its thing and define another implicit val. ,,0,42,2,1,1,1
853,How to show 1 element in an array using ngFor Angular2,On my website if I have more than one element in my array. My template looks like this.   I want to have a button to go to the next element of this array and only display one set of data and use the button to control which element of the array the user sees.  My current code looks like this:    I was thinking of using some sort of index or an ng-container or some work around using ngIf or ngFor. I am unsure of how to implement this.  All help would be greatly appreciated!,"You're not going to need an ngFor or ngIf in this situation. What you'll want is a variable to keep track of the user's index, and then a function that changes that index.  and in your component.ts you'll have:  This will be a standard for in-view paging systems for other projects as well.",2.0,2,4111,2,1,1,1
854,Gulp compile less files and minify them,"I'm new in the use of task runners like Gulp or Grunt, I have chosen to use Gulp to automate my tasks because I'm familiar with Javascript language. I succeeded to compile my .less files to .css, I even wrote a task to minify my .css files.  I would like to run watch task with BrowSync, which automatically compile .less files to .css and .css to .min.css. Here's my code :    The browserSync task runs well but it never compiles .css to .min.css. But when I run ""gulp minifyCSS"" it does the job ... Do I miss a step ? Can anyone help me on this one ? :)",I'm nearly sure this will work: ,,2,577,2,1,1,1
855,Inject Ember service from subfolder,My current ember project is structured like this:  I have a service (service1.js) just in the root of the services folder. I can perfectly inject that into a controller like this:  But I want some more structure in my services folder. I want to put a service (service2.js) in a subfolder ('subfolder'). How do I inject this into my controller.js/component.js? If I write down:  This doesn't work   Attempting to inject an unknown injection  How can I inject a service from a subfolder into my controller/component/etc ?,Your code should work. Here is the working twiddle. services/subfolder/service2.js  Inject service in the controller . You can use it inside application.hbs like ,,3,400,2,1,1,1
856,Are parameters Thread Safe?,"I have read a number of posts on this subject, but I'm still just a little fuzzy how C# handles parameters in methods when called from multiple threads. I have a series of utility methods that need to be called from about 60+ threads.  It's a process that downloads patient data for roughly 20,000-30,000 patients every day.  For the most part, the methods look like this.   As I understand it, as long as the parameters are used in the method that are singular to the calling thread, then it would be considered safe. Are these thread-safe without locking?","Each call to a method from a different thread has its own stack. Value types passed to the method are stored on the stack. Pointers to reference types passed to the method are stored on the stack. Either way it's on the stack. Because each thread has its own stack, multiple calls to a method from different threads don't ""overwrite"" each others' parameters.   As I understand it, as long as the parameters are used in the method that are singular to the calling thread, then it would be considered safe.  There's a tendency to pick statements like this apart like a lawyer (especially since it involves what sounds like medical records.) Your understanding is correct.  I'm not saying that it's wrong to pick questions apart like a lawyer. Details matter. But you asked your question very clearly so I get what you mean. How do I say this without sounding somehow patronizing, because you're likely a very experienced programmer and this just happens to be your first time working with multithreading specifically using .NET. Please be careful. I'm horrified at the thought of medical records going to the wrong person, claims being denied, or someone accidentally getting chemotherapy or gender reassignment because of a threading error. I think in this case the community should be highly motivated to assist with all of your multithreading questions.",,1,540,3,1,1,0
857,Performances and mergeProps in Redux,"In my redux containers, I have to dispatch pretty complex actions taking a lot of properties from the store. I cannot find the right pattern to tackle the problem without crushing the performances. Let's take the example of a container that would only contain a Send button to send a message: (For such a small example, any of the following approach would work well, I am just trying to illustrate a problem I encounter in way bigger containers.) Naive approach - Pass all arguments to the component  If I do that, my simple Send button will have to be aware of a lot of useless properties:  And also to call onClickSend with all those props:  That's way too much knowledge for the Send button. The button should only know it has to call  when we click on it, this component is a simple button. It shouldn't know about any other props. Also, in a more complex case, it could be not just 2 props (title and message) that are needed but 5 or 10. Another problem is performances, everytime I am going to modify the message or the title (=== on every keystroke), the send button is going to be re-rendered. My current approach - Use mergeProps to pass arguments to the actions The current approach of my app is currently using is relying on mergeProps:  I find this approach way better because the Send button only has to know that it must fire its unique property: onClickSend when clicked. No need to worry about user, title or message. However, this approach has a huge drawback: the reference of onClickSend is going to change everytime the store changes, which would lead to really poor performances on larger real-life cases. A third approach - Access state from redux-thunk A solution to the performance issue could be to use redux-thunk and access the state directly in the action.  But I don't like this approach because:  actions would access the store - doesn't it break the unidirectional flow? actions would be aware of the selectors - bad separation of concern? actions would become complex objects  Your approach I have worked for a while on a big redux app now and it is by far the biggest pain I have with Redux. Surprisingly, I don't find too much information about how to solve it so I'm wondering if I'm missing something elementary. What is your approach of that problem?","You're missing a fourth approach (similar to your  option): have the parent component pass a bound-up function or callback closure that captures those values, like:  I suppose in theory a fifth approach might be to connect the parent of the , have it pass a very simple click handler to the button, and let the parent worry about the arguments from its own props (ie, keep the button itself completely presentational, and put the logic in the parent of the button).  Actually, I guess that's pretty much the suggestion that @samanime had. Which approach you use is really up to you.  I personally would probably lean towards that last one, just so that it doesn't re-create a function every time there's a re-render.  (In particular, I would avoid the  approach, as that will re-create a function every time the store updates, which will be even more often than the component re-renders.) I actually addressed your questions about whether accessing state in thunks breaks ""uni-directional data flow"" in my blog post Idiomatic Redux: Thoughts on Thunks, Sagas, Abstraction, and Reusability.  As a summary, I don't think it actually does break that unidirectional flow, and my opinion is that accessing state in thunks is a completely valid approach. As a side note, I generally recommend that people use the object shorthand argument for binding methods with , instead of writing an actual  function:  To me, there's almost never a reason to actually write out a separate  function (which I also talk about in my post Idiomatic Redux: Why Use Action Creators?).",1.0,9,4233,5,1,1,1
858,Initial bias values for a neural network,"I am currently building a CNN in tensorflow and I am initialising my weight matrix using a He normal weight initialisation. However, I am unsure how I should initialise my bias values. I am using ReLU as my activation function between each convolutional layer. Is there a standard method to initialising bias values? "," Initializing the biases. It is possible and common to initialize the   biases to be zero, since the asymmetry breaking is provided by the   small random numbers in the weights. For ReLU non-linearities, some   people like to use small constant value such as 0.01 for all biases   because this ensures that all ReLU units fire in the beginning and   therefore obtain and propagate some gradient. However, it is not clear   if this provides a consistent improvement (in fact some results seem   to indicate that this performs worse) and it is more common to simply   use 0 bias initialization.  source: http://cs231n.github.io/neural-networks-2/",,5,3845,6,1,1,0
859,Elixir how to iterate over two lists at once to produce a new list?,"I'd like to iterate over two lists at once, but can't figure out how. The for loop, which allows you to have multiple lists acts as nested for loops and I'm not that familiar with , but perhaps there's a solution there. Python has  and  to accomplish this In Tcl is even easier for me:  But I cannot figure out how to do it in Elixir. The reason I want to do it is because I have a list of maps like this   and I have a list of items of the same size:  and I'd like to run them through a loop together to replace items in the map if and when one of the elements in the map is a certain condition (not 0):  Anyway. Can someone help me understand enumerable or how to iterate over two lists in elixir?",You can use  and  in Elixir to do accomplish the same thing: ,1.0,1,2924,6,1,1,1
860,UIAlertController dismiss completion never gets called,"In the following code, when my web view fails to load, the alert is properly shown with the Retry button, as expected.  The alert goes away when tapping the Retry button, but the completion never gets called.  Why is this? ",Don't call  inside the alert action. The alert controller will automatically be dismissed when the user taps one of the alert buttons. You just need: ,1.0,3,1239,9,1,1,1
861,Docker Compose + Spring Boot + Postgres connection,"I have a Java Spring Boot app which works with a Postgres database. I want to use Docker for both of them. I initially put just the Postgres in Docker, and I had a  file defined like this:  Then, when I issued the commands  and , it was starting the database. I could connect using  for example, by using  as server and port . Then, in my Spring Boot app, inside the  file I defined the following properties.  At this point I could run my Spring Boot app locally through Spring Suite, and it all was working fine. Then, I wanted to also add my Spring Boot app as Docker image. I first of all created a Dockerfile in my project directory, which looks like this:  Then, I entered to the directory of the project issued  followed by . Next, issued  followed by  (the id is correct). Finally, I edited my existing  file to look like this:  But, now if I issue  command, the database again starts correctly, but I get errors and exit code 1 for the web app part. The problem is the connection string. I believe I have to change it to something else, but I don't know what it should be. I get the following error messages:  Any ideas?",Each container has its own network interface with its own localhost. So change how Java points to Postgres:   To:   will resolve to the proper Postgres IP.  Bonus. With docker-compose you don't need to build your image by hand. So change:  To: ,3.0,16,21320,25,1,1,1
862,"Aldeed Simple-Schema, how to use allowed values in a field from another one?","I am trying to build a kind of specific simple schema for a collection and i would like to make sure that :  when the user enter a new select in my selectsCollection, he will put one of the options value as selected value. For example:  this do not have to work. I want him to write only one of the 3 options. Here my schema :  Any Idea ? :)  Thanks a lot !","This could be done with  validation function of a field, inside this function you could retrieve values from other fields:  Look here custom-field-validation for more information",,1,550,0,2,1,1
863,"Replace ""true"" and ""false"" in DataGrid","How can I replace ""true"" and ""false"" in DataGrid to display something else, let's say ""online/offline"". I'm getting data from MySQL database using this code:  I'm beginner in C# pls help :/",I think you try to show the column Available. You can try using the Case Statement in your query ,,0,116,1,2,1,1
864,Use Firebase to create database of users,"I'm using firebase to auth users. I want to add a user (after he signs up to the application) to be added to a database. the user is signing up to the app with this:  after this code, the user do show up in the 'Authentication' section in the Firebase console. I also want to add it to a database. in this database, I want to have a list of users. each user should have few properties, like name, email and a list of friends (other users). I'm searching how to do so, but I still don't have a clue. Would appreciate if you guys could give me information source/examples. Thanks in advance!","Standard practice is to have a /users node within your Firebase. Once the user is created they will be assigned a user id (uid) which can be obtained within the closure filling the create function. Within your user node you would create a node using their uid as the key and then any other data you want to store about them.  To write, do something like this  which will add the following to Firebase  (on my iPad so untested but you get the idea)",,1,485,1,2,1,1
865,Slider content moving along with slider,"I have a problem with a slider: slide  should stay fixed to the right bottom corner and preform animation there, but instead it first moves along the slider and then animates back to the position. I would like to make it that when the slide comes in it slides from right to left, and when slides goes away it slides back to position where it is not visible. Here is my code:        ","When you deal with properties that affect animations you need to be very careful about your selectors.  The  and  selectors are affecting each sibling of  and , while you probably only want the immediate siblings (the slides) to be affected, so I replaced them with  and  :         A few more tips on how to keep developing manageable:  use shorter classnames (you only need one specific longer class or id to apply your CSS to specific elements. So use shorter classnames for its children. do not copy/paste transition or transforms over different states of the same element. Just place them on the state that's always active and only override the property that changes. It really improves animation performance and also increases your ability to understand and control it. only prefix your properties after you're done developing, as a last step; otherwise, they'll clutter up your ""workspace"" without adding anything, really; when you don't have a reason to use , use . If you want your slider's paddings and margins to be affected by 's  use . If you want it fixed to whatever you set on slider, use  (and set  on your slider).  A quick ran-down of those principles applied to what you have (it's not perfect and can be further streamlined, but I think you'll find it easier to workwith). I also transformed your CSS into SCSS as, again, it's easier to control.  Don't be intimidated by SCSS. You don't have to use variables and mixins (although they are pretty powerful and handy once you learn them). But I'm sure you'll find the simple class nesting handy for starters. To get the result from the snippet, inspect source and you'll find it transformed into CSS.",,0,92,1,2,1,1
866,Laggy UIScrollView,At the moment I'm working on an iPad explore game which has a hexagon tile map. I've created a UIScrollView that contains a background view (the game map) and buttons in the form of hexagons (for interaction). I add every UIButton to the view via addSubview. But... when I add more than 100 buttons the view gets laggy (no surprise here). But what should I do to solve this? Example:  scroll view http://img233.imageshack.us/img233/5527/screenshot2011090110353.png,"Adding UIButtons isn't the way to go here. You should probably draw the ""buttons"" in a custom -drawRect: method and use -touchesEnded:withEvent: to decide what the user wanted to do.",,1,261,3,1,0,0
867,convert properties file in arabic to unicode,"I have a requirement where a client will supply properties file in arabic where i have to convert the file(arabic.properties) to unicode. The file contains more than 500 lines.please help me to write the code to convert ""arabic character"" to ""unicode character"".","Using command line go to Java folder, and write:  UPDATE Not sure what exactly you mean by not proper, but try this scenario: Open notepad and write something in Arabic: let's say:    Then save it as test.txt and make sure to choose UTF-8 from Encoding.   Now from the command line:  Now test_ar.properties contain:  Notice, sometimes native2ascii might add  as the first character in the file. You will need to remove it manually if you found it.",,-3,3359,3,1,0,1
868,Do i need to delete dom fragments or will the garbage collector remove them?,"This maybe a bit of a silly question. I'm assuming that the garbage collector disposes of any dangling variables after a function ends execution, but I was wondering if this also applies to DOM fragments. If I create a DOM fragment or any unattached node for that matter, will the garbage collector delete it after the function has finished execution?  I know this example is useless but its the simplest form of the pattern I'm worried about. I just want to know I'm doing the right thing. I've been hard at work building a very high performance JavaScript game engine, Red Locomotive. I don't want to add any memory leaks.","Well, it's not 100% conclusive but I made a quick JSFiddle to experiment with this.  This is a tight loop that runs your code above 100000000 times. Using the Chrome Task Manager memory usage jumped from 47.9MB to 130MB and stayed fairly constant until completed, where it dropped down to 60MB ish. http://jsfiddle.net/u7yPM/ This suggests that the DOM nodes are definitely being garbage collected, else the memory usage would continue increasing for the whole run of the test. EDIT: I ran this on Chrome 14.",1.0,4,267,3,1,1,0
869,Hide all divs except one in a certain section of the document,"I'm writing a user account page where users can change their settings, and the page consists of tabs at the top where users click, and the content section of the page updates to display that part of their settings. HTML code (just the content part):  The problem I have is that I want each jQuery event that I have bound to a button in the navigation menu to hide all but a specific  from the settings. For example, if they click on the ""Password"" button, it'll hide everything but the password menu. I know about code like this:  but that applies to every  in the document. I only want it to hide all but one, within this specific section. Is there a way to do this without throwing in yet another  to wrap around them?",Classes surely exist for this purpose. HTML:  JS: ,,0,1368,4,1,1,1
870,updating python-elementtree to overcome xpath selector issue,"I'm getting an error when searching for the attribute of a node in my xml using ElementTree.  The source code is:  This discussion on Stackoverflow leads me to conclude I need a newer version of ElementTree. ElementTree XPath - Select Element based on attribute When I list installed packages I see I have python-elementtree version 1.2.6-14. Yet even after running apt-get update, any effort to upgrade python-elementtree tells me I've got the latest version. I'm running Ubuntu 9.10, so maybe the repositories don't have elementtree 1.3. What can I do to upgrade to version 1.3?","lxml  is a very useful library for parsing XML, and it has a complete implementation of the ElementTree API.  Try installing it with:  You'll then need to change your import statments to use the lxml version instead of the bundled . (I would resist using  or  unless you're in a  environment, to avoid confusion with the Debian-packaged Python libraries.)",,2,1258,4,1,1,1
871,function pointer and virtual function,I guess my question should be silly but it is true that I have never seen a function pointer that is declared as virtual. Is there a reason for this?  Edit: I should have said: Is it possible that the function it points to is specified as virtual?,"Well, yes (and no).  Ordinary function pointers cannot point to non-static member functions. They can only point to standalone functions, which is why for ordinary function pointers the matter of function virtuality does not even come into the picture. In order to point to member functions in C++ you need a pointer of special kind: one that has pointer-to-member-function type. A pointer of this type can point to non-virtual member functions as well and to virtual member functions. There are no special steps to take if you want to point to virtual member function. For example  However, when you make such pointer to point to a virtual member function, you have to keep in mind that it is does not really get tied to a specific version of that function in the class hierarchy. The decision about the specific function to call is made at the point of the call. For example  In the above example we made out pointer  to point to . Or did we? In reality  the pointer is not hard-linked to  specifically. These two calls  will call two different functions. The first one will call  for object , while the second one will call  for object , even though we used the same pointer value in both cases. This makes sense actually in many applications. Yet, in some low-level situation it would be useful to have a pointer that is hard-tied to a specific version of virtual function. I.e. it would be nice to have a pointer that would call  for  subobject of object  when we do  To achieve that we need to be able to specify whether we want to bind it early (at the point of initialization) or late (at the point of the call). Unfortunately, C++ language provides no such functionality. ",,1,363,5,1,0,1
872,can't pass locals to parital Rails,I have a partial    In the show.rb I want to use it and pass in some partial variables as follows:  However I get this error:  I read the documents about passing in locals and this seems correct. What am I doing wrong?,You're combining the short and long forms. Either of these are correct (identical): ,,1,898,5,1,1,1
873,Android Activity-Lifecycle... how to avoid onDestroy()?,"I have an App, which uses an ActicityGroup to have a stack of Activitys. If I start a new Activity, I do this as Child of my ActivityGroup. Lets assume I'm in my starting Activity (1), and I start a new one(2), so here is what's getting called: (1): onPause() (2): onCreate(), onStart(), onResume() until here, everything as aspected. if I press my BackButton the stack is as following: (2): onPause(), onStop(), onDestroy() (1): onStop(), onDestroy() [sic] (1): onCreate(), onStart(), onResume() I see no reason,first why (1) should perform onStop, and onDestroy(), to reCreate again, and second why onRestart never gets called on (1). Has anyone a Reason for this behavior? Can I 'cancel' calls to onStop() or onDestroy() somehow? any idea apreciated ","Try using FLAG_ACTIVITY_SINGLE_TOP when starting child activity, like:  More info here: http://developer.android.com/reference/android/content/Intent.html#FLAG_ACTIVITY_SINGLE_TOP",,1,7699,5,1,0,1
874,SSIS Error while executing data flow task - import excel into sql table,I have created ssis package that is taking data from excel file and insert data into table I have one  and   but i'm getting following errors:  `,"The line:  Suggests that you have a field such as a string that may be longer than the SQL table field. E.g. you have a 60-character string that you're trying to insert into a  field? Or perhaps a decimal number into an Int or similar? Check your datatypes match, in other words.",,2,29719,5,1,1,1
875,Initialization lists in constructor,I've heard that the advantage of using initialization lists in constructor would be that there will be no extra copies of class type objects. But what does it mean for the following code in class T constructor? If i comment the assignment and use initialization lists what would be the difference? ,"It's exactly what you already said.  If you don't use the initializer list, then the default constructor will get called first, and then the assignment operator will get called. In your example, this is relatively benign (the compiler may even optimise this, I think).  But in other cases, it's simply not possible to avoid the initializer list.  Imagine if  didn't have a public assignment operator.",,5,1369,6,1,1,1
876,Generic WCF JSON Deserialization,"I am a bit new to WCF and will try to clearly describe what I am trying to do. I have a WCF webservice that uses JSON requests.  I am doing fine sending/receiving JSON for the most part.  For example, the following code works well and as expected. JSON sent:  WCF:  This returns a JSON object with ""Dave"" as expected.  The problem is that I cannot always guarantee that the JSON I recieve will exactly match the members in my DataContract.  For example, the JSON:   will not serialize correctly because the case does not match.  guy.FirstName will be null.  This behavior makes sense, but I don't really know how to get around this.  Do I have to force the field names on the client or is there a way I can reconcile on the server side? A possibly related question: can I accept and serialize a generic JSON object into a StringDictionary or some kind of simple key value structure?  So no matter what the field names are sent in the JSON, I can access names and values that have been sent to me?  Right now, the only way I can read the data I'm receiving is if it exactly matches a predefined DataContract.",Here's an alternative way to read json into dictionary: ,7.0,14,15390,11,1,1,1
877,How to Add ViewPager Indicator Headings Like Google+ App,"My goal is to create a screen similar in function to the Stream page in the Google+ app (picture below for those unfamiliar).  For the paging, I am using a custom  so that it has smooth transitions that ""follow your finger"" rather than just snapping to the destination after the fling gesture has been made. Question Currently, I am going the route of using some s to move the headings (""Nearby,"" ""All circles,"" and ""Incoming"" in the screenshot) once a new page has been selected.  This creates a couple of problems: the center heading doesn't follow the user's finger (as you can see the ""All circles"" heading does in the screenshot), and if the user begins on a page other than the middle one, I have not found an easy way to offset all of the animations temporarily without running them first since the animations do not move the actual views. Am I going about this the correct way, or is there a much simpler way of accomplishing this that I am overlooking? Thanks ","After hours of searching and a little luck with search terms, I came across A Google+ like ViewPager page indicator. I also came across Android ViewPager Indicator, created by the same developer who wrote ActionBarSherlock. Has a ton of examples, and is pretty easy to integrate with the FragmentPagerAdapter.",13.0,15,11680,22,1,1,0
878,Skining/Theming MVC 3 Application,"I am creating a web application in ASP.NET MVC 3 and SQL Server 2008.  We want to allow our clients to choose their own styles for branding purposes. Ideally, we would like them to choose from size, font and color attributes for the main html tags (h1, p, anchor, etc). We were thinking about a form where users could choose size, font and color from drop downs for each of the supported tags and save this to a database. When this form was saved, we would save the entire style string in a field and return that as CSS file on the page. The downfall with this approach is that when a user comes back in to edit these settings later, we will have to do some serious regex to get the attribute values and show them in the form again. Any ideas on how best to implement this? Thanks in advance, Viper.",Perhaps a better approach would to be to store each of the fields individually (either set the table up to have a field for each property or do a massive key-value pair setup) so that getting the data back out for changing is far easier (as the combining for the css on the fly is far easier than deconstructing it for editing),,0,223,0,2,0,0
879,Display records that have a match in a join query first,"To simplify the problem down for the question, I have a listings table and a listings_featured table. The main listings tables holds the main data for all listings but the listings_featured table holds data for only listings which are featured. I want to display listings ordered by whether they are featured or not first, meaning the rows which have a match when doing a LEFT or RIGHT JOIN should come first. How would I go about doing this with just one query rather than two? EDIT Also, is it possible to add a  condition to the query that only applies to the joined records? For example, out of the featured listings, I only want the ones which have the condition  - this should only apply to the joined records. This is because the duration for which a listing is featured will be different to the actual expiry date of the listing.",  is  for all featured listings so while sorting they get put before other listings. EDIT Added WHERE condition,0.0,0,72,1,2,1,1
880,"PHP not writing to file, failing","I am trying to add some text from my html form with 4 inputs. I may have been staring myself blind at this, but I can't figure out where it fails.  I have had two different outcomes, either blank page or error 500. html form: ","This can have a number of reasons: Permissions Problem Check if the webserver has rights to write to the specific file. If you are using linux, this means the directory the file will reside in has to be writeable by the webserver user (with apache usually called ) and the file itself needs to be writeable by the webserver. For a simple test, create the file yourself and execute  to give everyone access. (This is only for testing, just quickly read up on linux permissions and you'll figure it out quickly). No disk space left Pretty obvious, make up some space. Opening correctly If the file doesn't exist yet, you'll need permissions to the directory and open the file with . (Create file and write) Others Enable all warnings in php, and check if the output of ,  or  is false. Usually warnings are printed which explain the reason of failure. See: https://stackoverflow.com/a/42155639/2232127",,0,46,0,1,1,1
881,Disable selected option of one dropdown for all other dropdown,"I have multiple dropdowns which contain the same array values, I want to disable option which is selected in one dropdown for other dropdowns so how can I achieve that? ","Try this   If you have 20 dropdown, put the html code to *ngFor and bind the label, value to its.",,0,89,0,1,1,1
882,"How do I prevent the Alexa simulator from having to reinvoke my skill using ""open (invocation word)"" after the first question?",Could not find any current questions that solve my problem. I am using the nodejs-howto sample from alexa tutorial.  Located https://github.com/alexa/skill-sample-nodejs-howto. I have followed the instructions for the Alexa-Hosted and was successful in creating the app. I am using the alea simulator for testing via typing in the questions. Problem: After asking the first question which does return the correct response. I then ask another question but the simulator seems to have closed my skill and the question is sent to the default alexa where of course my question does not exist.  I have to re-invoke the skill after the first question. My code is copy and pasted from the instruction from the above github link. Thanks.,"It seems your session is getting closed after the first response. Make sure that your intent response sets shouldEndSession as false  shouldEndSession A boolean value that indicates what should happen after Alexa speaks the response: true: The session ends. false: Alexa opens the microphone for a few seconds to listen for the user's response. When you use false, include a reprompt to give the user a second chance to respond. null / undefined: Behavior depends on the type of device and the content of the response. See Keep the Session Open.  EDIT : As per @R.Vait and @dan comments Check whether a re-prompt is used and is properly configured.",,0,96,0,1,0,0
883,Conditional tuning of hyperparameters with RandomizedSearchCV in scikit-learn,"I want to use RandomizedSearchCV in sklearn to search for the optimal hyperparameter values for a support vector classifier on my dataset. The hyperparameters I am optimising are ""kernel"", ""C"" and ""gamma"". However, in the case of a ""poly"" kernel, I would also like to optimise a fourth hyperparameter, ""degree"" (the index of the polynomial kernel function).  I realise that since the degree hyperparameter is ignored when the kernel is not ""poly"", I could just include degree in the params dictionary I provide to RandomizedSearchCV (as I've done in the code below). However, ideally I would like to search uniformely across the non-poly kernels plus each degree of poly kernel, i.e. I want to sample uniformly across e.g. [(kernel=""linear""), (kernel=""rbf""), (kernel=""poly"", degree=2), (kernel=""poly"", degree=3)]. Therefore, I was wondering if it is possible to conditionally introduce a hyperparameter for tuning, i.e. if kernel=""poly"" degree=np.linspace(2, 5, 4), else degree=0. I haven't been able to find an example of this in the RandomizedSearchCV documentation, and so was wondering if anybody here had come across the same issue and would be able to help. Thanks! ","Unfortunately, GridsearchCV and RandomizedSearchCV don't support conditional tuning of hyperparameters. Hyperopt supports conditional tuning of hyperparameters, check this wiki for more details. Example: ",,1,306,0,1,1,1
884,How to change date string(j F Y) to date(Y-m-d),I have date in string like  but in polish  and i would like to change it to date (Y-m-d) I did:  but i got this error:  I need to insert it into DB in format .,"Not sure if this is sufficient for your use case, but the code below shows a way to first translate the Polish month names (assumed full name) to English then do the date conversion (sandbox demo):  Reference: https://www.ics.uci.edu/~dan/genealogy/Miller/resource/polmonth.htm",,-1,46,0,1,1,1
885,XmlElement annotation not found,"Apparently, the XMLElement annotation class can't be found. The project builds and deploys successfully on another computer, which makes me think this is an installation issue. However, I can't find any way of fixing this.  I've already switched by installation to run on oracle JDK:  The error:  It seems that one of the dependencies (codehaus.mojo) is referencing to it, but it doesn't exist: ",from java 11 jaxb annoations has been removed and jaxb dependency to your project,,1,424,0,1,1,0
886,How to conserve types in Kotlin enums?,"I have an  with 2 colors symbolizing an  and  pixel, one being a light gray and the other a much darker gray:  Now I have a custom  object, that corresponds to an actual image on the disk and (ergo the / methods) either returns a  object corresponding the the color of the pixel at position x,y in the image or accepts a  object setting the pixel to that color. So  works perfectly. I would like to be able to do  but  and  are apparently of type .  How can achieve the effect I desire, being able to do ? I have gotten it to work using  as ""static"" members using a companion object but there must be a prettier and more elegant way to do it.","You can make  a singleton  that holds two properties of type , like so:  This gets you the desired syntax of  and so on.",,1,41,3,1,1,1
887,Ionic 3 Image lazy loader,"I am developing ionic application which uses external image files. These images are loading in elements such as ion-card,ion-item,ion-slides. I need a spinner or some kind of technique to show until the image successfully. I tried image caching plugins but it wasn't success. Looking forward a better solution. Thank you.",Define a loading picture in your js e.g.  Then use the || operator when setting the source in html:  This way the loading animation will be shown until the actual picture has been downloaded. On a side-note: You might want to have a look at Ionic's Spinner component https://ionicframework.com/docs/api/components/spinner/Spinner/,2.0,3,6226,4,1,0,1
888,MySQL: load on startup / load each time needed,"My discord bot communicates with an external mysql server to get specific userdata, and I would like to know what of the following 2 options would be more efficient:  1: Request data from the server each time a command/code is exectuted 2: Load at the startup the whole table into a list and when the command/code is exectuted get the userdata from there  How much cpu would it take if I chose option 2? Opinions are appreciated! Note: My bot currently is on about 22 Servers with 12000 Members Edit: the code the bot uses to communicate is here","I think you should use your first idea Because if you load a big table at startup you are going to waste a lot of memory and you will not have the latest state of the DB in your list. Also, Mysql will handle well with one request by command/code.",,0,71,0,2,0,0
889,QGraphicsItemGroup::boundingRect() not updating,"I've been trying to use QGraphicsItemGroup to get the bounding rectangle of a group of QGraphicsItem*s. It appears to me that the bounding rectangle is correctly determined when I insert all of the items into the group; but if I then move items in the group, the bounding rectangle does not update to contain the moved items as I expect. I cannot find indication in the Documentation as to whether what I'm seeing is correct behavior or not; my guess is that I'm either misunderstanding how the QGraphicsItemGroup works or misusing it An example that I've been using to test:  The final scene displayed looks like this Actual outcome  But, I was expecting something like this, with a small box from the first boundingRect, and a larger one for the second Expected outcome  Am I misunderstanding how the QGraphicsItemGroup works, or am I using it incorrectly? Qt Version: 5.10 OS: Ubuntu 16.04 Compiler GCC 5.4","The  documentation doesn't seem to mention this, but it only recalculates the  for a  after the view and  is shown.  Adding the items afterwards  Results in the bounding rect of all members of the group ",,1,499,0,2,1,1
890,Table that spans whole body,"I have a HTML page that just has a table in it that I would like to span the entire of the body and have scrollbars when it needs to scroll horizontally or vertically. This is what I have for the styling of the table:        Fiddle Link By default a table column will expand/shrink to fit the content (see my original jsfiddle). I want to maintain this behavior but allow for horizontal scrolling when there are too many columns and vertical scrolling when too many rows. The box shadow is to indicate the edges of the table which I want to be a minimum of 100% of the viewport (with scrollbars when it goes over) As you can see, the table does not span the entire viewport - where have I gone wrong?",Because  does not works on ...so you will need to wrap your table into two ... 1...The outer div  is for the  if the table content is exceeded the viewport width 2...The inner div  is for having the  and  values equal to viewport width if content is lesser than viewport and then apply  to that div so that it can extend its width if content is more than the viewport width Stack Snippet       ,,1,87,0,2,1,1
891,One-To-Many and Individual in Django,"I've customized the django user object as follows,  I also have a feed and a Source object, which has a one-to-many relationship.  Now I want to simulate a bookmarking action and thus associate many feeds with one user. How do I do that in Django.",Add another model .  Then add this field to your  model. ,,0,65,1,2,1,1
892,Round up to 5 or 10 to create a new df," I want to create a new df with next conditions:  Select the row where ""C = B round up to 5"" (C = 1135.0) If it doesn´t exist (that´s the case), select the row where ""C = B round up to 10"" (C = 1140.0)  I´ve tried:  Any help? Thank you.","If I understand correctly, you can use dataframe subsets to select all the rows where B rounded to 5 is equal to C, or where B rounded to 10 is == C. ",,0,31,1,2,1,1
893,Can't connect to Firebase at existing Android Studio Project,"I've opened existing Firebase project, but i'm receiving error in Runtime.  I've tried to ""Connect to Firebase"" using the Firebase Assistant, but getting:  I've tried updating stuff at SDK-Tools:  But it's all up to date like another firebase project of mine that works. My problem is caused because i've added Firebase Activities to existing non-firebase project.  This is my build gradle:  How can I solve it?",Please check the link in the comment for this problem:  Caused by: java.lang.IllegalStateException: Default FirebaseApp is not initialized in this process com.dji.GSDemo.GoogleMap. Make sure to call FirebaseApp.initializeApp(Context) first.  For the second problem please update the firebaseui: change this:  to this:  FirebaseUI compatibility,,0,1650,1,2,1,1
894,How do I Convert MySQL database to Access database,How can i change this view so it will work in MS accces ,"It could be:  If troubles with memos, try:  or: ",,-2,93,1,2,1,1
895,How does Thread() work in Kotlin?,"I wanted to execute a task inside a thread and wrote the following code:  According to the debugger, before executing , I'm inside thread 4. After executing , the debugger tells me that thread 4 is sleeping whereas I was expecting to see that thread 5 is sleeping. About the : I see immediately in thread and main 5 seconds later. What is my mistake here?",I think the syntax you’re looking for is:  Also read this answer for further information.,,-2,1445,1,2,1,1
896,Donut chart customization issue in R,"I have data that looks like the following:  I am attempting to create a donut chart where the slices correspond to the colors in the  column and contain percentages as well as raw counts of the number of times a given color appears.  I have tried this:  And it has given me the chart below.  What can I add to change the colors and also add the raw counts to the slices (i.e., 2 in this case for each slice) ","Here is the desired syntax:   so  changes to colors of the slices.  + `textinfo - defines the custom text Experiment a bit EDIT: responding to the comment. Usually the order of plotting of categorical variables in  depends on the order of factor levels. However not in this  case, where the order is determined by the order of the data frame supplied. To change the order one can use .  ",,1,90,1,2,1,1
897,SQL Date Format from UNIX string and then Like Select,"I am attempting to try and query a SQL Database which stores dates as strings, in the UNIX format, ddd MM  d or ddd MM dd. I am having trouble converting these to any sort of SQL Date format so that I can do a query using Like on the Date field so I can find the closest date to the requested one. For an overview of what I am doing, I have a aspx page that has 2 date pickers on it. The user selects a start and end date, that is converted into the same format as used in the database (ddd MM  d or ddd MM dd) I then use a MIN/MAX select to find the lowest matching ID and highest matching ID to the dates supplied. That works fine, IF that date passed in has records. However, I want to convert the date stored in the database to a format where I can do a select first date after the passed in date, and the last date before the end passed date so I can return all of the rows in between. To achieve that I need to get the date into a format I can work with in SQL rather than just a nvarchar as its stored now. What do you recommend (other than the obvious, of storing the dates as proper dates in the first place which is out of my control) as the easiest way of achieving what I am after  I am passing in Sun Mar  4 as a start date and Fri Mar  9 as an end date. I however want to get all records between those days. currently my code is:  However, as you can see that will only ever work for dates passed in that actually have values in the Database. I want to find a way to select everything between the dates passed in whether or not they exist in the first place. My only guess is I have to convert the date column into proper date format then I can do things with the LIKE operator to get dates closest to the ones being requested? Thanks in Advance.","If I understand your question, you're looking to convert a string to a date, The following assumes current year Example  Returns ",,1,43,1,2,1,1
898,"Using MPEG-DASH with encrypted video, how do I keep my encryption keys a secret?","I need to make sure a user viewing a video on my site can't get a hard copy of it (unless he captures the screen which I can't prevent). I'm looking into MPEG-DASH as a solution using Common Encryption (CENC). I understand there is a license server that should verify the client before he gets the keys. I'm not quite sure if it's a server I setup or something public I use. But how do I make sure an attacker can't get the keys from inside the browser somehow, download all the m4s chunks, decrypt them with the key he got from the browser and merge them? If the player on the browser is supposed to decrypt each m4s file, it means it uses the key for each file which means it stores the key somewhere in the memory. Can't an attacker use the developer tools to step into the decryption code and take the descryption key? Is there's some protection mechanism I'm not aware of?","That is the job of the DRM vendor. The key is sent encrypted from the license server and decrypes the video inside the CDM in a protected environment. Look up widevine and play ready. If you do this yourself without a vendor, you must have the user install your CMD.",,1,793,2,2,0,0
899,"Input is ended with an end-of-file character (EOF) in C, C++ and Python","I start learning Python language a few days ago. My skill in python is not too much high. But whatever I learn, I want to solve UVA Online Judge problem When I try to solve the problem 272 TEX Quotes I faces a problem to terminate loop when user input is given by end-of-file. Check my (100% logic solved) code in python (except while loop terminate)  Check my accepted solved code in C it's terminate loop with end-of-file which is given by Ctrl + Z  Also, C++ ",EOF while input raises EOFError so you can use try … except block with break statement: ,,1,1769,2,2,1,1
900,Pandas Series from dictionary/ summarized DataFrame,Here is some dummy data to show what my initial table looks like:  Comes out like this:  I would like to create a new dataframe with a summary of the non Null fields like so:  I got as far as making this:   But I cant figure out how to put it in the form above. Thank you for your help.,Option 1    your dataframe (wide-to-long conversion)  Drop NaNs using  combine column names with values using  +  combine all values by index using  +  +     Note that this returns a .  Option 2  Replacing the  with  from Option 1; ,,1,62,2,2,1,1
901,React/Redux - Why this Promise.all continues to execute after dispatch?,"I have a React-Native project with redux. I perform some axios calls, and basically, the app works fine. But, there is one thing that is not right. I put a console.log before the dispatch, and even the app loads and renders everything just fine, I see the console.log looping on and on in the console. I'm not sure why this is happening, but I read the ""run to completion"" concept in Javascript, which can be the reason. Even though, I couldn't figure it out. any ideas how can I fix this? thank you very much. UPDATE: here is the component that invokes the action, in the renderEtiquetas() function. This can be the reason causing this loop, since it runs on every re-render cycle (not sure about this). I tried moving the invoke to componentDidMount() but it didn't seem to run. I'm new to React so I'm probably doing something dumb. component.js  actions.js ","Aha,  is running inside the render function, it will cause an  infinite loop. Edit: How about trying to merge your  and  into one action:  and only need to call this new  at .",0.0,4,502,3,2,1,1
902,Set text gravity to center,i have problem when set text gravity to center it's not appear in the middle ?!  ,If you want the whole  to be centered (which would then center the text) use   If this doesn't fix the problem then please post the full xml as you may have other s/properties causing the issue.,,0,2953,4,4,1,1
903,how to check the latest version of a clojure library on clojars?,"I am using pomegranate's add-dependencies function:  However, I don't usually know what the latest version of incanter (or any other project). Is there a way to check for that programmatically?","Another approach (which might work but I haven't tested it yet) would be to use  as the artifact version. That's,  for example, how lein-try does it.  ",,4,397,1,5,1,1
904,jQuery Mobile Collapsible appearing twice,"I have a jQuery Mobile page with a dynamically generated collapsible. It works great, except if I leave the page then return to it. When that happens, the collapsible appears twice. A refresh fixes the issue but that's obviously not a good solution. Others on here have described similar symptoms, but their solutions didn't work for me. I'm hoping someone can help me out. I think I may be misusing pageinit... I'm using jQuery 1.9.1 with jQuery Mobile 1.3.1. I'm using Codiqa to generate my pages, hence why I'm on jQuery 1.3.1. I generated the code such that every page is a separate html file. Here's my code:  Thank you in advance for taking the time to look at this. ","Update: Based on your edited OP and comment below, when using single page model, functions/JS code that is related to a specific page should be placed inside that page's div. jQuery Mobile uses Ajax to load pages, it loads all libraries and code of first loaded page's  tag, and neglects the rest as it loads only  div.   Because you bind to  without specifying a page. The code will be executed whenever a page is initiated. You should bind it to page id to fire once only. ",,1,244,1,5,1,1
905,How to correctly build armv7 static library using xcodebuild,I am trying to build a static library to target armv7.  I am using the following command in a bash script:  I cannot link to the resulting lib. I get linker error:  file was built for archive which is not the architecture being linked (armv7s): ~/MyProject/MyProject/libMyLibrary.a  Is something wrong with the way I am building the binary?  Any help would be appreciated.  Update The target that I am trying to build (the application linking to the lib) has the following settings: ,Check Build Settings (for the target you are trying to build!) - make sure that both  and  are set to the same values.,1.0,2,4286,3,5,1,1
906,Interlocked read on readonly memory page triggers access violation,"In order to perform interlocked reads I have used  function a la  Now I stumbled upon unusual situation.  I want to use this interlocked ""read"" on a read-only (write-protected) memory page. The result is ""Access violation writing location x""...  So I guess this is by design? I understand that  is often a used as a ""write"" instruction. But why is access violation trigger included in this particular case? What are the alternatives to  in order to perform interlocked read? Update: I tried using   when I know that the value at ptr is never negative, but this triggers the access violation also, even though in this case there certainly isn't any writing going on. So I guess this is by design with this instruction...  But why and how to get around that? Update2: More details about why I started using interlocked reads. I left my question intentionally vague. I am generally interested in the topic, that is - both skipping the cache and having atomic reads, including atomic 64-bit reads. The reason why I started wondering is that .NET uses  for interlocked reading inside  method. The MSDN states for this .NET  method: ""The Read method is unnecessary on 64-bit systems, because 64-bit read operations are already atomic. On 32-bit systems, 64-bit read operations are not atomic unless performed using Read."" Also, MSDN states for (C-language)  function that unaligned operations are not permitted in any case: ""The variables for this function must be aligned on a 64-bit boundary; otherwise, this function will behave unpredictably on multiprocessor x86 systems and any non-x86 systems"".  So according to that text also .NET should never have unaligned Int64 variables. But then why interlocked reading?","The memory must be writable in case the comparison succeeds. This is true even if you know that it won't succeed due to your program logic. On x86, this is enforced by the processor. According to the processor documentation, the  instruction generates a write cycle even if the comparison fails. It is not clear what the intention of the interlocked operation is. If you merely want to read the value atomically (i.e., without tearing), then you can simply issue a read, because properly aligned reads and writes are already atomic. If you want to access the memory with specific semantics, you can stick a , , , or fence before/after the instruction as desired. Starting in Visual Studio 2005, volatile reads are performed with acquire semantics and volatile writes are performed with release semantics.",,0,399,4,5,1,1
907,Tagging Words Using VBA in MS Excel,"I am having trouble sorting this out. I have an excel worksheet. Column A of sheet1 contains about 300,000 tokens and the column A of sheet2 contains about 15, 000 tokens with possible part-of-speech tags spread on the same row with each token. Format example:    my task is to take each word in A(sheet 2), search for it in A(sheet1). If found, copy tags on its row and paste the tags in cells adjacent to all the occurrence of the words found in A(sheet1). That is, if think, between, etc. are found, then I will have this output in sheet1:    I have this code that does only the searching of non empty cells in A(sheet1) and A(sheet2), check whether each word in A(sheet2) is in A(sheet1). If true, then will copy the word (instead of the associated tags) and paste it in cells in C columns adjacent to results in A(sheet1). Result looks like below instead of above.  Here is the code:  Also, this code when I try using it above 50,000 words, it either run and hang half-way or causes overflow. My aim: I prepared data in A(sheet1 & 2) for the purpose of tagging POS tags I developed to the words in A(sheet1). Words in A(sheet2) are unique words with most probable tags for it. Many users I employed for the task are more familiar with MS Office. So, I decided to make the job simpler for them. Instead of them going through the tags of about 100 and finding a tag for a word in A(sheet1), this system will provide them with a word and all possible tags for that word. All they will now do , is to take a word in A(sheet1), look through the tags provided and select one tag meant for it. Pls! I need help. Thanks guys!",You could also do this with worksheet formulas.  For example  Fill right to E1; then select B1:E1 and fill down to row 300000,,0,722,1,6,1,1
908,"Are ""best practices"" regarding connection handle re-use and database user design mutually exclusive?","SO says this may be subjective.  I'm hoping not--I just can't seem to understand how this works in practice, and it seems like a specific enough technical question with I hope a definitive answer. Context: LAPP stack.  I've read that using a single database user as the login for all connections to the database, and handling security yourself from there, is a bad idea.  Databases have sufficient security models and it makes sense to use them. Database handles have some resource cost associated with them, hence the existence of Apache::DBI, DBIx::Connector, and DBI::connect_cached(), to re-use a recent connection to a database.  Making use of them should make a web app faster by avoiding the cost of connecting to a database.  The reason these seem to be mutually exclusive best practices is that, in my understanding, #1 implies that any database connection will be made with separate per-user credentials, which implies (as Apache::DBI documents) that re-using such connections will likely quickly cause your database backend to run out of connections. The default maximum number of connections for PostgreSQL is 100. The default numbers of servers and multiplied by subprocesses allowed for each, for Apache 2 running with the prefork MPM, far exceeds that, so it seems Apache::DBI's docs are right. Thus the question: What do people do then, in practice? Does this mean people using a LAPP stack generally connect using a single database user, and implement their own security/permissions model?  Or does it mean they don't pool connections?  Or do they choose between these two strategies based on speed vs security needs if they go with a LAPP stack, and if they need both, go with a desktop app or some other connection model? Or if these are not, in fact, mutually exclusive strategies, what am I missing in my understanding here?"," I've read that using a single database user as the login for all connections to the database, and handling security yourself from there, is a bad idea. Databases have sufficient security models and it makes sense to use them.  You probably misread this, or read it in a highly biased location. A more balanced view is (hopefully) this:  Managing perms (ACL or RBAC or other) within the database is a bloody mess and hard to get right. It can cripple performance, too, if done improperly (think: ""select * from table join perms where convoluted_permission_scenario"".) Depending on who you ask, you'll get more or less extreme viewpoints, e.g. here's (the very controversial) Zed Shaw: http://vimeo.com/2723800. Managing perms at the DB level is just as much of a bloody mess. Not all engines implement row-level permissions, and even then there occasionally are leaks. For instance, calling a function in a where clause could (can?) leak rows in Postgres (until a recent version?) if  gets called. And frankly, if you go past a superficial analysis of what is going on, it basically amounts to the former — just standardized and (usually) in C. Managing perms at the app level without a database is also a bloody mess. It'll cripple performance no matter what you do from the moment where you need to join outside of SQL, unless you're dealing with trivial amounts of data. If you try it, you'll do fine… until your database grows too large and you basically don't.  So, in short: it's a bloody mess no matter where you manage it. Because permissions are a mess. In addition to the casual and idealistic ""Joe needs write access to this set of nodes"", you also need to cope with more down to earth scenarios such as ""John is going off on vacation for Christmas and needs to temporarily delegate his write permissions on this set of nodes to his assistant Jane"". Moreover, whichever scenario you do pick, you need to manage read access (which is usually the most frequent) in such a way that it's fast so you can scale. There's no silver bullet. Moreover, even in the first and last of the above scenarios, it's ideal to have three DB users. One for reads, one for read/writes, and one for schema changes. Most apps don't, because it's yet another bloody mess to configure your ORM that way, hence the typical one DB user per app. Anyway, getting back to your question: what people do in practice is one or two database users (read vs read/write/modify), implement RBAC or ACL within the database itself, and avoid access restriction logic like the plague on public-facing pages for performance reasons.",,2,828,3,6,0,1
909,T-SQL need help to complete a query,"I'm trying to fix a T-Sql query Example, I'm trying to reset stats for a specific character CharA have Strength = 500, Intellect = 100 CharB have Strength = 100, Intellect = 500 I'm trying to make a query to change the intellect to 500 if the strengh is 500 I use this query  The problem in this query, it will only do the last query which sets the intellect = 500, but I want the user to be able to switch the intellect and Strength depending on the char, so if the char has intellect 500, using the query will set Strength = 500 and if the Strength = 500, it sets intellect = 500 in one query Thank you","I hope your strength and intellect fields aren't of varchar/char type, they should be integers if they are integers.  ",,0,56,0,9,1,1
910,Populate Data from SQLLite db for Android using Phonegap,"I am using SQLLite for my phonegap based application for Android.The problem I am facing is that as long as the App is open,I am able to fetch whatever data that I store in the local.db file. For e.g I have a settings feature where a user could save his/her settings and it goes to the db.Now the problem I am facing is that I am unable to fetch the data that the user has saved once the application is closed,I can get the data as long as the Application is open. So the issue is the database isnt persistent. Can anybody tell how to store data in memory even when the Application is closed?? This is my mainActivity file  And these are the permissions I have given :-  After moving the copy code to the if condition as mentioned by NigelK did the trick.But after uninstalling the build and creating a fresh build is giving me the following error:-  Any idea on how to go about this issue?","Your database is persistent, the problem is that everytime your app starts, the calls to the copy() method made in onCreate() overwrite the database again with the copies held in Assets. I imagine you only want to make that copy once. One way is to only do the copy if the destination directory didn't already exist:  Or you could store a flag in Shared Preferences and set to true when you make the copies. In onCreate, only do the copies if that flag is false. EDIT: To use a shared preferences flag: In onCreate: ",,1,1165,2,9,1,1
911,"Is it possible to use ""Domain-wide Delegation of Authority"" with gdata-python-client?","I'm using  to access the Google Domain Shared Contacts API.  In enterprise applications you may want to programmatically access users data without any manual authorization on their part.   There was a protocol called 2LO (2 legged OAuth), but seems like it was linked to OAuth1 which was deprecated: ""Important: OAuth 1.0 is deprecated, and registration of new OAuth 1.0 clients is closed."" is all over the Oauth1 docs. There is a new OAuth2 based recipe for ""Domain-wide Delegation of Authority"":  In Google Apps domains, the domain administrator can grant to third party applications domain-wide access to its users' data — this is referred as domain-wide delegation of authority. To delegate authority this way, domain administrators can use service accounts with OAuth 2.0.  This works with  but not with . Question: Is there any way to achieve this with Python? Seems like code from the gdata client is prehistoric - is there any other GAE runtime with a modern client library supporting delegation for the data APIs? [update] If I sign an httplib2 connection and call the Atom endpoint at I'm able to retrieve the feed.  Unfortunately  uses httplib instead of httplib2. [solved] Perhaps I'm missing some step but looks like the token is not valid until we perform a call using httplib2. I have to run the above code BEFORE running the sample given in [aeijdenberg]'s answer, otherwise I get a 401.","Here's an example of how to do domain-wide delegation in Python, in Google App Engine using gdata libraries:  Create a project (https://cloud.google.com/console#/project). Under ""APIs & Auth"" enable the APIs you need to use (some gdata APIs don't appear here, if so, skip this step). Under ""APIs & Auth"" -> ""Credentials"" create a new OAuth2 client ID of type service account. Take note of the email address and client ID, and save the private key that is downloaded to a secure location. As a domain administrator go to the Admin Console (https://admin.google.com/AdminHome), navigate to ""Security"" -> ""Advanced Settings"" -> ""Managed third party OAuth Client access"". Paste the full client ID from earlier into the ""Client Name"" field, and paste in the scopes you need for your API access into the scopes field. Since we are running on Google App Engine, we need to convert the PKCS12 formatted private key to PEM format (since the PyCrypto libraries currently deployed on Google App Engine won't support PCKS12):  Put this file in your app directory. Download the Google API Python client from https://code.google.com/p/google-api-python-client/downloads/list, select . Unzip this in your app directory:  Download the gdata python client from https://code.google.com/p/gdata-python-client/downloads/list, select . Install this in your app directory:  Make sure PyCrypto is installed locally (but not in your application directory):  In your , add PyCrypto as a library:  Declare the following helper class:  Use the private key to create a  object:  Create a gdata client and use it:  ",2.0,4,2821,9,9,1,1
912,Integers v/s Floats in python:Cannot understand the behavior,I was playing a bit in my python shell while learning about mutability of objects. I found something strange:  Why is the id of 5.0 reused after the statement ?,"Fundamentally, the answer to your question is ""calling  on numbers will give you unpredictable results"".  The reason for this is because unlike languages like Java, where primitives literally are their value in memory, ""primitives"" in Python are still objects, and no guarantee is provided that exactly the same object will be used every time, merely that a functionally equivalent one will be. CPython caches the values of the integers from -5 to 256 for efficiency (ensuring that calls to  will always be the same), since these are commonly used and can be effectively cached, however nothing about the language requires this to be the case, and other implementations may chose not to do so. Whenever you write a double literal in Python, you're asking the interpreter to convert the string into a valid numerical object.  If it can, Python will reuse existing objects, but if it cannot easily determine whether an object exits already, it will simply create a new one. This is not to say that numbers in Python are mutable - they aren't.  Any instance of a number, such as , in Python cannot be changed by the user after being created.  However there's nothing wrong, as far as the interpreter is concerned, with constructing more than one instance of the same number. Your specific example of the object representing  being reused for the value of  is an implementation detail.  Under the covers, CPython may, if it sees fit, reuse numerical objects, both integers and floats, to avoid the costly activity of constructing a whole new object.  I stress however, this is an implementation detail; it's entirely possible certain cases will not display this behavior, and CPython could at any time change its number-handling logic to no longer behave this way.  You should avoid writing any code that relies on this quirk. The alternative, as eryksun points out, is simply that you stumbled on an object being garbage collected and replaced in the same location.  From the user's perspective, there's no difference between the two cases, and this serves to stress that  should not be used on ""primitives"".",0.0,3,113,2,10,1,1
913,How to read data written to a file from one android application using another android application,"I used following method to write data to a file in one android application  Then I tried to read that file from another android application using this method  Second method can't read the file. I added read write permissions also, but it shows only blank screen. What can be the error and how can I correct that ??. I'm new to Android programming and need your help. Thanks!","The problem is   The documentation says:  This file is written to a path relative to your app within the  So the case is you are writing file in path relative to application 1 and trying to read it from path relative to application 2. You should be able to call Environment.getExternalStorageDirectory() to get the root path to the SD card and use that to create a FileOutputStream. From there, just use the standard java.io routines. Look below snippet to write file to SD card.  Look below snippet to read file saved on SD card. ",2.0,0,2377,1,4,1,1
914,Trailing slash confusing AJAX,"I have a page with several Update Panels on it.  the url of that page is: http://[domainnamehere]/stores/ If I omit the trailing slash, everything works fine.  if I include it, when the page does an asynchronous postback, it goes to http://[domainnamehere]/stores/stores Not sure why that's happening, but its sure a pain in the butt!  Any suggestions would be most welcome.","Your problem is on the server-side.  You need to configure the route to your resource to accept the trailing slash.  If you are using MVC you should be able to add a slash to that route, if not it will require URL rewriting at the IIS level.",,1,508,2,4,0,0
915,how do I assign content from readfile() into a variable?,"readfile() says it outputs the content but I want the content to be saved in a variable. How do I do that? I tried $content=readfile(""file.txt"") but that doesn't come out right.  I want to do like this:  That should give you an idea of how I want that to work. ",That is what file_get_contents is for:  If you must use readfile you can use output buffering to get the contents into a variable:  I don't see why you would avoid file_get_contents in this situation though.,1.0,4,10254,14,4,1,1
916,ApplicationInstance.CompleteRequest doesn't stop the execution of the code below it?,"I was told that Respond.Redirect is an expensive process because it raises a ThreadAbortException. So instead, we should be using the CompleteRequest function instead. So I gave it a try but I noticed the codes below it still runs, which I do not want. I want to instantly force the browser to jump to another website.  As for the code above, the ApplicationException is still thrown. But why? :(","One method doesn't replace the other directly. The CompleteRequest() method does not end execution when it's called. So if that's really what you want to do then Response.Redirect(string) would be the way to go. CompleteRequest() simply bypasses the Response.End() method, which is what generates the ThreadAbortException you mentioned, but crucially CompleteRequest() flushes the response buffer. This means the HTTP 302 redirect response is sent to the browser at the line where you call CompleteRequest(), which gives you a chance to do operations that don't affect the response after it's been sent to the user. The solution for you really depends on what you need to achieve, can you provide an example of what you're using Response.Redirect for and what other code is in the same method?",2.0,10,12424,15,4,1,0
917,How to control max response size,"I have a web application I support that have sometimes huge web pages to render. Sometimes I have this exception (it is not linked to an upload the user make, the webpage render about 22MB of Html):  I tried to use  property of  node in web.config but it doesn't seem to control that. As test case I tried to set it to 5K but the webpage shows even if it's bigger (it's around 150K) so I guess it will not permit to show huge webpages. Is there a way I can control maximum response size and avoid the ""Maximum request length exceeded"" error ? If it changes anything we are using .Net 4.0 with IIS 6.0","Set  for that page, and use the  time to time as you render your page. This way you can avoid to render all data at ones to the buffer and wait this buffer to full before send it. Also disable the viewstate on the controls that you do not needed. If the above can not solve the issue then you need to redesign your page using a different type of control that allow them and you can send data to the browser time to time using the fluah(). A repeater control can work, maybe a gridview may not work.",,0,2158,1,5,1,1
918,Get the context of selected text in web page using javascript and jquery,I want to get the context of selected text in web page which means i want to get the surrounding 25 words around(before and after) a selected text I use javascript and jquery to get by using the following code but it doesn't work my code is: ,You could do this with the new TextRange module of my Rangy library. Rangy's Range object have  and  methods which allow you to expand the range a word at a time in either direction. Here's an example. Live demo: http://jsfiddle.net/timdown/3p5tH/ Code: ,,0,1462,1,5,1,1
919,Good way to style padding of nested uls that should appear at the same level,"I have this type of structure  Although logically everything is organized like this I need to display everything in a single flat-looking list. I can do that by removing margins and padding from ul,li but that litterally makes it so that no li can have padding. I would like to pad all list items by 5px but simply doing that will actually indent the nested li's by 10px on the left and on top.  Basically I need it to look like this. What's a good way of setting up padding that won't push over the nested lists. I am free to modify the basic html structure but I would like to keep the nesting as it makes a lot of other stuff that I'm doing easier (such as expandable/hideable children) ","What you can do is select only the topmost , and then give only its child (but not grandchild)  elements spacing using the CSS > selector. For example, specifying the topmost element with an id: HTML:  CSS:  And here's the example on jsFiddle.",,1,1299,1,5,1,1
920,Javascript sending the wrong value,"I am trying to send values to an mysql database using ajax from a form. I am selecting the value by taking the parent article of the form and then taking the child element with id=""email"" as you can see here...   However when I send the data onto the php file for uploading to the mysql database it seems to be doing something wrong, and instead of the value typed in being stored a function (shown below) is being stored... What is going on here!? ","you can try  method:  The .children() method differs from .find() in that .children() only travels a single level down the DOM tree while .find() can traverse down multiple levels to select descendant elements (grandchildren, etc.) as well.  ",,2,72,1,5,1,1
921,Enemy Ghost Instances / Non-unique Objects,"I'm working on a simple 2D top-down Zelda style game in C++, but I'm having trouble getting multiple instances of an enemy class to spawn in. Whenever I spawn more than one of an enemy, only the first one registers any collision detection; all other enemies seem to be merely visual ""ghosts"" that are rendered to the screen. When the first enemy dies, the only one that can, then all other ""ghosts"" disappear along with it. I've created an enemy manager class that uses a vector list to hold active enemies, check each one's collision against any box passed in, and update/render the enemies.  The enemy class itself is pretty basic; cEnemy is the base class, from which cMeleeEnemy is derived. It has the standard hp, dmg, and movement variables so that it can crawl around the screen to try and collide with the player's avatar and also respond to being attacked by the player. All of this works fine, it's just that when I try to have multiple enemies, only the first one spawned in works correctly while the rest are empty shells, just textures on the screen. It doesn't matter if I make explicit calls to spawnMob rapidly in the same block or if I space them out dynamically with a timer; the result is the same. Can anyone point me in the right direction? --EDIT-- Here's the code the for enemy.h:  And enemy.cpp:  As you can tell, I'm not that experienced yet. This is my first on-your-own project for school. I just have to say I'm a little confused on where I should be closing textures and deleting objects. Thanks for your time, guys!","In your  function, you return , or the object at the position of the first index of the enemy vector after every loop. Therefore, when the first ghost is not hit, the  function will return  instead of iterating through each of the subsequent ghosts in the vector. To fix this, change your  function to the following:  Hope this helps! EDIT: Note that when you are removing an enemy from the list if it's HP is 0 or less, you are using , but this removes the final element from the vector, you should use something like the following to remove the enemy you want from the list: ",1.0,0,334,2,5,1,1
922,Ajax-intensive page: reuse the same XMLHttpRequest object or create new one every time?,"I'm working on some sort of online multiuser editor / coop interface, which will be doing a lot (as in, thousands) of ajax requests during one page lifetime. What would be best: ('best' in terms of stability, compatibility, avoiding trouble)  Create one XMLHttpRequest object and reuse that for every HTTP request Create a new XMLHttpRequest object for every HTTP request  Manage a dynamic 'pool' of XMLHttpRequest objects, creating a new one when starting a HTTP request and no existing object is available, and tagging a previously created object as 'available' when its last request was completed successfully  I think 1 is not an option, cause some requests may fail, I may be initiating new requests while a previous one is not finished yet, etc. As for 2, I guess this is a memory leak, or may result in insane memory/resource usage. Or can I somehow close or delete an object when its request is finished? (where/how?) Or does the JS garbage collector properly take care of this itself? Never tried 3 before but it feels like the best of both worlds. Or is an approach like that unnecessary, or am I still missing potential problems? Exactly when can I assume a request to be finished (thus, the object being available for a new request), is that when receiving readyState 4 and http status 200 ? (i.e. can I be sure no more updates or callbacks will ever follow after that?)","Create a new one when you need one. The GC will deal with the old ones once they are not needed anymore. However, for something like a cooperative editor you might want to consider using WebSockets instead of sending requests all the time. The overhead of a small HTTP request is huge while there is almost no overhead with a WebSocket connection.",2.0,6,4418,3,5,0,0
923,overridePendingTransition shows enter animation only,"When the user changes the language locale, I would like to reload the activity with the new locale. I want to create an animated transition when finishing the Activity and starting it again.  The transition animation is as follows: The exit animation is to scale the activity to the center of the screen. The enter animation is to scale the activity from the center of the screen.  and my  is:  and my  is:  The problem is that ONLY the enter transition appears and the exit transition do not appear. I tried to add a delay to the exit transition but it didn't work either. However when I changed the code to only animate the exit of application. It worked.  Thanks.",Set the two animations on the method  and call finish after you've called : ,1.0,3,7036,5,5,1,1
924,Unit-testing and boost::asio,"I'm writing small XMPP server using boost::asio and I want to unit-test my code. Questions:  Are there some ready-to-use frameworks for this? As far as I understand, I need to provide mock objects for boost::asio classes/templates and I really want to make this (semi)automatically. Is it possible to test concurrency (e.g. multiple connections to server and message routing between them)? ","1) I wrote a small socket class that can be used as a replacement for the boost::asio::ip::tcp::socket. If you like, you can have a look at robitzki.de/test_socket.h (test_socket.cpp, test_io_plan.h and test_io_plan.cpp). Depending on the constructor used, the socket can simulate reading/writing of chunks with different sizes. Errors can be simulated too. You are free to use it, if you like. 2) With the socket replacement one can build stress tests for the software under test. This will never guaranty that the code doesn't contain bugs but is better than nothing ;-). Personally I like code reviews best to make sure multithreaded code contains as few bugs as possible. HTH Torsten",4.0,11,3500,7,5,0,0
925,Changing Map Infowindow from alert dialogue to simple map Info,"I have a map application in Android.  There is an alert dialogue when I click on marker, but I want to convert the alert dialogue to a simple infowindow like this: http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-PrYuYQMcGcc/Ta__3fCcw7I/AAAAAAAAAGU/xCxjK3slU4k/s1600/google_map_marker_tooltip_popup_android.JPG Here is the code I'm using to populate the : ","http://android-codes-examples.blogspot.in/2011/04/google-map-example-in-android-with-info.html where did you get that image from??? its actually from this link and it also contains how to do it....but not onTap. If you want onTap, just remove that alert dialog box and all from the onTap method and add a toast which tell the location...thats the general practice.",,0,666,1,6,1,0
926,Compare rows and get percentage,"I found it hard to find a fitting title. For simplicity let's say I have the following table:  Now I would like to get an output of 'good' cooks. A good cook is someone who has a rating of at least 70% of 1, 2 or 3, but not 4 or 5. So in my example table, the cook with id 1 has a total of 10 ratings, 7 of which have type 1, 2 and 3. Only three have type 4 or 5. Therefore the cook with id 1 would be a 'good' cook, and the output should be the cook's id with the number of good ratings.  The cook with id 2, however, doesn't satisfy my condition, therefore should not be listed at all.  However, this doesn't take into account the fact that there might be more 4 or 5 than good ratings, resulting in negative outputs. Plus, the requirement of at least 70% is not included.","You can get this with a comparison in your HAVING clause. If you must have just the two columns in the result set, this can be wrapped as a sub-select   Edit Note that count(cook_rating < 4) is intended to only count rows where the rating is less than 4. The MySQL documentation says that count will only count non-null rows. I haven't tested this to see if it equates FALSE with NULL but I would be surprised it it doesn't. Worst case scenario we would need to wrap that in an .",0.0,0,600,3,6,1,1
927,pattern for getting around final limitation of Java closure,"I'm trying to write a very simple piece of code and can't figure out an elegant solution to do it:  This obviously doesn't compile.  The 2 solutions that I'm aware of both stink: I don't want to make count a class field because it's really a local variable that I just need for logging purposes. I don't want to make count an array because it is plain ugly. This is just silly, there got to be a reasonable way to do it?","A third possibility is to use a final-mutable-int-object, for example:  Apache Commons also have a  I believe, but I have not used it.",,0,124,5,7,1,1
928,Where to call ini_set() functions in the class?,"I wanna know where is the best place to put the ini_set() functions, because I think when the  function is inside the method like this:  The  function doesn't work?!  My script works like that: jQuery ajax query -> ajax.php file (make instance of the class and call some method) -> call the method of the class. Where is the best place? In  file or at the start of class or inside methods?","In general, the best place to put  calls is right at (or near) the start of the script. That way, it's pretty much the same as if they had been defined in the  file in the first place.",,7,6068,7,7,1,1
929,Why does Enumerable.Range Implement IDisposable?,"Just wondering why  implements . I understand why  does, but  doesn't require it.  (I discovered this while playing with my .Memoise() implementation, which has statement like   in its ""source finished"" method that I had placed a breakpoint on out of curiousity, and was triggered by a test.)"," uses  in its method body. The  statement produces an anonymous type that implements , under the magic of the compiler, like this:  After being compiled, there is an anonymous nested class like this:  so the result  a . In this example, the  method leaves empty. I think the reason is that there is nothing need to be disposed. If you  a type that contains unmanaged resources, you may get a different compiling result. (NOT SURE about it)",,11,297,7,7,1,1
930,Thread Abort Exception in.NET 4.5,"From IIS, when I am calling some background task in a new thread, it only runs through if the task does not contain certain asynchronous calls. If I call a background task in a new thread, that does contain these asynchronous calls, it does return a , while the same Action, being executed synchronously inside , does run through, and a different action, called asynchronously, also runs through. Furthermore, when I call one action synchronously as well as the other action asynchronously, the asynchronous call fails as well.  What does cause the ? Is there anything I can do to get around the ?  Code:  Background information: In the production code, the inner async call, where during debugging I just create a new task, is created inside a Microsoft library that does not offer synchronous methods, so I won't be able to just ""remove the Task""."," What causes the ThreadAbortException?  See : ""The exception that is thrown when a call is made to the Abort method"". Avoid using all the manual  related code in the  method.  Is there anything I can do to get around the ThreadAbortException?  Yes... utilize the  and  keywords correctly following best programming practices and patterns. Here are my suggested modifications:  Mark your controller method as  returning, where  is the type to return. In this case a . If you need to simply start a background logging job and then return to the client, you should consider . Instead of using  use , mark methods as  or  that are representative of asynchronous operations. ",,1,972,1,1,1,1
931,PHP - Get the id of the table row clicked,"I'm currently creating the account management system of my website and I decided to add a feature that enables me to declare weather a specific account is active or inactive. The data is retrieved from my mysql table.  This is the content of status.php  What I need to do is get the ID of the row clicked and declare it in my session so that it can be used in the ""status.php"" file. But in this code, the last id in the table is the one that is declared into the session because of the loop. How do I get the value of the id of the row that is clicked? (is there sort of like onClick function in php? Thank you.","pass id parameter,   in  ",,0,2481,1,1,1,1
932,Javascript Arrays - Ensuring each batch has a certain element,"I have an email script that reads in emails from a database and collects them into one huge object. Now these emails can be BCC, CC, TO type emails which must be passed to our email provider via an API in their respective type.  Their API allows batches up to 1000 emails which isn't the issue. The issue is that in each batch I have to have one TO address at least. In other words say by chance a batch has 1000 'BCC' type emails in it and not one 'TO' type email addresses. Those 1000 emails will not get sent. When you are dealing with 20,000 emails there are 20 batches created and there could very well be a batch that has all BCC or CC type emails with none of them being a TO type address.  So my question is how can I assure a TO address is in each batch during processing? Some code along with the current output is below.  My initial thought was to randomize it some how but wasn't sure how to do that. I think you almost have to do something to the initial array before it even gets into putting the emails into the right slots (IE type of emails). Suggestions? And thank you for taking the time to read my question. :)","Randomizing the combinations will not solve your problem either, since it does in no way guarantee that there is a 'to' recipient in all of your batches. One way to solve this issue would be to create to buckets of recipients, one with all 'to' recipients, and another one with all others. This shouldn't be too hard, given that you have the complete list of addresses. Then always take one 'to' address and 999 other addresses, package them into a batch and send them off. Repeat until either one of the buckets is empty. If the others bucket is empty first, only take the remaining 'to' recipients and send off the email until they are all gone as well. If your 'to' bucket is empty first, you will have to come up with a different solution. Maybe make up dummy recipients?",,0,28,1,1,1,0
933,How to combine data from two different tables into a variable,"Can anyone tell me how I can compare a variable that stores a country with 2 tables in the database? I have this data in the database:       And I have a variable that will store one of three values: EN, AU, USA I would like this to get the data from the two tables but in the correct order.       I tried this way but it didn't work       Can anyone tell me a way?","You can use and , i.e:     Ideone Demo",,1,22,1,1,1,1
934,Set object set by code in Mockery,"I've following code to be tested.  To test this, I'm making mock of Site using Mockery. In test, I generally want to do  While making mock, I want mock to return the instance of Text created by original code and set in line . I tried  This return me object of Text set in mocking code. In mockery, is there any way I can get Text object created in original code?",You can use the  method in this case. Refer to the argument validation docs . Here you can pass a closure which receives the argument passed to the addText method. You can also use PHPUnit assertions in this closure to do assertions on the  parameter. Like this: ,,2,76,2,1,1,1
935,Do custom fonts work for formatted string?,"I have followed Sven's example for custom font for formattedstrings here: https://github.com/smstuebe/xamarin-forms-formattedtext However, I'm running into a strange issue where the tap gestures on my view don't work if I implement the UIFormattedStringLabel().  This is super strange because if I use a regular label that does not use the custom renderer provided, the gestures are detected, the formatted string is displayed (just the fonts are default) and everything loads correctly. So, I think there's an issue with setting up the renderer above as the problem seems to stem from that. Perhaps, I am missing a step for what I am trying to do.  label code:  ","As mentioned in my blogpost, the Renderer isn't perfect. In your case it will crash, if the  of the  is null and the  of the  is null. I added some fixes for this to the repository. https://github.com/smstuebe/xamarin-forms-formattedtext/commit/d3b9eab7f588917f1e4417188a12e66f97cf1081  We only replace the span, if we have a font set.  I don't check for null in , because it will show you that your font got not loaded correctly, and you have to double check the names and the assets.",,1,800,2,1,1,1
936,Using command line arguments in CPP other than main function,"I am trying to write a function to accept command line arguments. On Google search i got so many hits for that, but all use command line arguments with main function, something like below.  If i already have a main function and I want to write another function, later callable in main or any other program, how to write that, i.e function with user defined name. ","If you want the arguments to be available, you can just forward them to your method. For example: ",,0,1548,2,1,1,1
937,Java: How to split and keep delimiter,"I can't find the exact way to solve this issue I'm having. I want to split a sentence which will have spaces and can have punctuation marks. I want to keep the words and punctuation marks and store them in a single array.  I'm trying to split the sentence in a single String split method. I've looked through other related questions on stack overflow and I have't be able to get a regex which caters for me, especially for the question mark.","You may try splitting with whitespaces or at the locations before non-word characters:  See the regex demo Pattern details:  contains two alternatives separated with  symbol.  matches 1 or more whitespaces that are removed when splitting.  is a positive lookahead that only matches an empty space before the pattern it contains - here,  matches any non-word character (not a letter, digit, or underscore).  NOTE: If a non-word  class is too ""greedy"" for you, you may use a punctuation class,  () to only split before punctuation. IDEONE Java demo:  If you need to tokenize the non-whitespace/non-word chunks as whole units (say,  as one array element), use this matching technique:  See another IDEONE demo and a regex demo.",,1,2203,2,1,1,1
938,Can someone explain what does the map function do?,I Need help in understanding the following code.  Link of the complete code : https://www.kaggle.com/wenxuanchen/home-depot-product-search-relevance/sklearn-random-forest/code  Thank you.," works a little different than Python's map. Assume you have a small dictionary that holds the roots of some commonly used words:  You also have a pandas DataFrame and in that dataframe you have a column of words:   If you want an additional column that shows the roots of these word, you can use map. For each element in that series (column), map checks the dictionary if that word exists as a key in the dictionary. If it does, it returns the value; otherwise it returns :  Instead of a dictionary, you can pass a series too. In that case, it checks the index of the series.  In your example, it works with a function. That function is designed to take a string (possibly containing several words), convert it to all lowercase, split it into words and apply NLTK's Snawball Stemmer to each word. So, with  each row in your ""search_term"" column (x being the string in that row) is an input to .  combines the elements returns by that function and returns you another series where you have the roots for all words.",,-3,186,2,1,1,1
939,MasterDetail and NavigationPage deeplinking in Prism Forms,"I am testing the deeplinking feature of the Prism Forms framework. I currently have a situation where I have a MasterDetailPage with a menu as Master. When I click the menu items, the Details should change to specific pages with a clean NavigationPage as container. When I check the Sandbox example for Prism Forms, it shows an example for MasterDetail navigation, but not including navigation pages. So I have this (absolute) deeplink structure at startup: /MasterDetailPage/NavigationPage/MyFirstPage Then I want the second menu item to link to a fresh NavigationPage: /MasterDetailPage/NavigationPage/MySecondPage My current workaround is to do absolute deeplinking, but I was wondering if there is a better way? The Prism PageNavigationService checks to see if the segment type is the same as the current detail type. But since these are both NavigationPages, it tries to add the new page in the already existing NavigationPage. At that moment it also kills the menu-icon (at least on iOS).","Actually, the Sandbox app does use NavigationPages in the MasterDetail: https://github.com/PrismLibrary/Prism/blob/master/Sandbox/Xamarin/HelloWorld/HelloWorld/HelloWorld/Views/MyMasterDetail.xaml Prism reuses the detail page for performance reasons, but it doesn't work like you think it does.  While it does add the new page to the NavigationPage's NavigationStack, it also removes the previous page from the stack.  This keeps the NavigationStack in the proper state. The icon behavior you are seeing is because of a confirmed bug in Xamarin.Forms.  You can follow the issue here: https://bugzilla.xamarin.com/show_bug.cgi?id=41038 As soon as Xamarin fixes this bug, I will publish the fix to Nuget.  In the mean time, the only way to get around this is to fork the Prism code base and remove the Page type check.",,3,1227,2,1,0,0
940,"""Select a valid choice."" Error using Modelform in Django","I dont understand why i kept getting this error: ""Select a valid choice. That choice is not one of the available choices."" The Error Message belongs to the field ""account"" Here are my model:  My view:  and my form:  I works fine until i try to submit this form with an account type selected.","In your post method, you have forgotten to pass the  to the form. Since you set the  field's queryset to , that means you have a different queryset when you display the form to when you validate the data. Change it to:  It might be better to change the form to:  Then you would get an explicit error when  is missing from .",1.0,1,1320,3,1,1,1
941,Length of the longest subsequence in a list of integers,"I want to get good at functional programming so I set myself some tasks. I want to determine the length of the longest subsequence in a list of integers, where the next element is incremented by 1. So the result should be   My try was this:  But of course this only works for lists that don't have a longer subsequence e.g. [1,2,3,42] = 3, but not for lists like [1,2,100,101,102] which should  be 3 but is NOT (It's 2)! I would really, really appreciate your help since this problem drives me crazy, coming from OO- Programming.","You can solve this using a technique called accumulators: you call a function together with certain values that are modified along the run. The base-case then returns the result of a function calculated with these accumulators. For this specific problem we introduce two accumulators:  and .  stores the length of the current sequence, and  contains the thus far seen maximum incrementing sequence. The base case is when we reach the end of the list in which case we return the :  Another base case is when we encounter the very last element. In that case we return the maximum of  and :  The inductive case is when we see two elements in the list: we determine whether  is an increment of . If so, we increment . If not, we set  back to , but first set  to the maximum of  this far and :  or putting it all together:  Finally we need to bind your function  with our  by setting initial values for  and :  Tetsting this with your given input gives: ",,2,644,3,1,1,1
942,How do I write a nested list of lists with my custom list implementation?,"I am wondering whether my definition of a list is less capable than the regular implementation. I am having problems creating a list of lists with the below definition:  I do not see how to create a list like  with my definition of list. The simplest instance of a nested list is just  which I think I can recreate with . The second simplest instance of a nested list is . This is  afaics. However, like I said do not see how to create the list  with my definition above. How do I do it? (It should be possible, since an exercise asks me to create a monad instance for the list definition above). ","Let's first consider, how would you express ?  Now put in :  and : ",,0,131,3,1,1,1
943,Get Highest Average for numbers in a List,"In my WCF interface I have a class definition of   and I have this method   The method above should collect a List of type of , calculate the average of M1, M2 and M3 for each student and return the Student with the highest average. This is what the implementation i currently have of the GetTopper method looks like   How can I implement this using the GetTopper class? That is passing a list of students, calculate their average scores and return the Student with the highest average. Thanks","You can use order by desc then get the first one by linq  Edit The  should be redundant, it is the same to determine top student by the highest sum of score or highest average of score. Credit to Dmitry Bychenko's answer.",,1,100,6,1,1,1
944,Bypass table privilege and WITH GRANT OPTION by creating views,"In Oracle, users only need privileges on view to be able to SELECT from it, more precisely, what the view see from the table. Privileges on table are not required. Let's consider this scenario :  According to the rule above, C will be able to select from V, therefore equivalent to selecting from T. Is that kind of cheating ? B is effectively letting C seeing A.T although C does not have the right on T and B does not have GRANT OPTION. Is there a security hole somewhere ?","What you've described doesn't work. As user A:  As user B:  This is mentioned in the documetation:  Note:   To grant SELECT on a view to another user, either you must own all of the objects underlying the view or you must have been granted the SELECT object privilege WITH GRANT OPTION on all of those underlying objects. This is true even if the grantee already has SELECT privileges on those underlying objects.  Even the  privilege doesn't bypass this; though there must be some (powerful) privilege that does as a full DBA can do .",,0,4885,7,1,1,1
945,this.state is undefined during onPress event in react native,"Hello i new in react native, my code is:        When i fill this form and press sign in, i have this error message: ""Cannot read property 'email' of undefined"".  Thank you for the help!","This is a binding issue. The simplest solution will be to change your JSX for the button tag like so:  ES6 classes lose the autobinding you may have been used to with es5 react.createClass. You have to be more conscious of your binding when using ES6 for react components. Another option is to bind the method in your constructor like so:  Or you could even utilize a fat arrow es6 syntax function to maintain the 'this' binding to the component you're creating:  UPDATE: To update this again, if your environment supports some ES7 features (which I believe react-native built from  or  shoudl do) you can use this notation to auto-bind your class methods that utilize the  keyword.  instead of   The best options are to use the ES7 feature if available or to bind in your constructor. Using an anonymous function   or  directly on your  is much less favorable for performance reasons.",3.0,11,8945,22,1,1,1
946,pyspark Column is not iterable,Having this dataframe I am getting Column is not iterable when I try to groupBy and getting max:  ,"It's because, you've overwritten the  definition provided by , it was easy to spot because  was expecting an . To fix this, you can use a different syntax, and it should work.  or alternatively ",2.0,15,30761,30,1,1,1
947,How to define prop validation rule for an object of objects in React?,"When the props are an object of records, such as:  How does one validate that is a ""keyed"" array of x shape? Failed Attempt One I would like to define the validation rules as such:  This of course fails, because it is looking for:  Failed Attempt Two  This of course fails too, because it is looking for: ",You need a customArrayProp.   see here. https://facebook.github.io/react/docs/reusable-components.html,0.0,4,334,0,2,1,1
948,Changing properties of the control that calls a Context Menu,I have 10 PictureBox on a windows form (created in Design View) and a context menu strip is attached to each of them. I am trying to set the property of the PictureBox using the context menu. For eg If the user selects Red from the context menu a Red picture shows up I can get the the name of the control that popped the Context Menu strip by   Is there any way I can use the cmStrp1.SourceControl.Name to get the object/control and set its properties,Just use  instead of . You need to cast the control to a  before using it.,0.0,0,456,0,2,1,1
949,How do I protect a specific page from being viewing with out login in ruby on rails,"I want to protect a specific page in a controller from access only if the user is logged in it is the add.html page for adding questions, the index.html page is used to show questions that are asked but I want to to remain public. How do I make it that when someone clicks on ask a question from index that it checks for login and if not logged in has flash notice saying you must login and redirect at same time to login page. New error on index page: ",You want to add a before_filter to ensure the user is logged in before running the protected actions. Here's a simple example - naturally your implementation details depend on how you rolled your own auth. In your application controller (assuming you're storing the id of the current logged in user in session[:user_id]):  and then in the controller where you are limiting access: ,,0,118,0,2,1,1
950,Combining two lines with BASH Scripts,"I am using vim to make a simple script trying get the output of lm_sensors into another file. My problem is the formatting that needs to be done with requires combining two lines and outputting them into a file. Here is what I have currently:  LINE2's sole purpose is to put a } bracket at the end of the data, so if there is a better way to do that all in one line I am all ears. Disregarding the sed and tr commands which format the data, I would like the output data to look as follows, though I always get an 'unexpected token ';'' error message with the above script.   I greatly appreciate all input.","Try this, perhaps:  Alternatively: ",,2,559,1,2,1,1
951,PHP How to test whether one of the values of an array exists (partly) in a string?,Must be simple but cant find my answer. How to test whether one of the values in the array is contained in the string? Output should be true or false.  Trying to clarify. In this case array[3] should not be a match. Only array[2] should be.,"Update: A word boundary independent solution would be to add spaces around the input string and the search words:  or by looping over the terms:  Both can be put in a function to simplify the use, e.g.  Have a look at a DEMO  Old answer: You could use regular expressions:  The important part are the boundary characters  here. You will only get a match if the value you search for is a (sequence of) word(s) in the string.",,4,352,1,2,1,1
952,How can I restrict passing values on disabled HTML input objects for processing by a ColdFusion cfquery?,"My HTML/web programming skills are pretty much at a newb level, and I've tried searching for a bit on this, but haven't found anything really relevant.   Below I have a sample of code that's using some jQuery (I think?  Basically google treatment scraped together - I don't know the differences between javascript and jQuery) to disable/enable input objects on the page based on the choices.  My intention is to compile a ColdFusion cfquery based off these selections to write more specific queries than the ones we're currently using.   Keeping in mind I definitely want to stick to CF for the SQL side of things (the infrastructure is already setup here, I have an app to reference already, etc), what's the best practice way to only send the enabled values through for processing?  My thought was to use a form and open in new window, but I don't know how to submit only the 'enabled' input objects through.  I figure potential options outside of that might be running the cfquery on all of the data on this page and having a ""show"" button that narrows things down (inefficient, would like to only query the data that I want), or figuring out a way to submit disabled objects with a throwaway value assigned to them that can be ignored on the form processing page....but I'm hoping some ninjas can tell me a ninja way to do it. ============== ","What you have there would work fine. Disabled form fields don't get sent on form-submit. One thing to be VERY careful of is that, just because you have javascript on the front-end that is doing what it can to prevent things from coming through, your server-side code still needs to assume that everything coming to is is hostile and needs to check all inputs to make sure they are valid.",,1,424,2,2,1,0
953,Dynamically expanding empty space?,Is there a way to separate upper content from lower content on the screen?  So that no matter what's in the upper area the lower area remains against the bottom of the screen.  I've tried gravity=bottom and things like that.  I've tried inserting a layout of some kind in between top and bottom hoping it would stay expanded (thus pushing the two apart).  Thanks for any help you can offer.,Answer: RelativeLayout Example: ,,0,567,2,2,0,1
954,SQL Server: Double data size of a table when altering column type,"I altered the type of a column in to an actual smaller type:  The table contains 4 Mio. records. Before it used around 1.1 GB of space, after the altering of the column, it uses 2.2 GB space. Is there any explanation for that? I find the space it uses either by SMO or by looking at the table properties in the sql server management studio: ""MyTable -> Properties -> Storage -> Data space"". Now I doubt that this is the actual space used by the data.","Run  and then check space again with the ""true"" flag Basically, the change in type has fragmented storage somehow: for example it is now NULLable and it wasn't before which affects the on-disk structures. I chose this example because you have not specified NULL/NOT NULL in your ALTER TABLE",1.0,1,1435,2,2,1,1
955,Problems passing a pointer to a constructor as a parameter,"I have the following superclass:  which is descended by a bunch of forms as follows:  and created as follows:  When I run   two things happen:  When I step into TForm1.Create, AOwner=nil, even when it didn't in ShowForm. I get an EAbstractError at the following line:   What am I doing wrong? EDIT: This of course isn't my exact code.",You're not using virtual constructors correctly. Try it like this:  As an aside I do not think you need to reintroduce the constructor in the code you listed.,4.0,2,753,2,2,1,1
956,Spring property-placeholder configure positiveInteger,"I would like to map my ldapserver port setting to a property in my property file. But when i use  than i get the error:  ""The value '${ldapserverport}' of   attribute 'port' on element   'ldap-server' is not valid with   respect to its type,   'positiveInteger'.""  Is there anyway to cast this property? The other properties are working perfect. my code: ","This is a shortcoming of the ""custom namespace"" approach used by some Spring config styles. While it allows configurations to be expressed very concisely, it's also highly specific, and doesn't automatically allow any of the generic substitution logic used by -style definitions, including property placeholders. If the schema author has put in a hard-wired requirement for a given attribute to be an integer, then there's no getting around it - the author of the schema, and the code that parses it, would have to add explicit support for placeholders.  In this case, they haven't. So if you want to use placeholders, you'll have to ""explode"" the  shortcut definition into the graph of underlying  definitions. This isn't always easy, since the docs have to explain what beans are actually defined by .",,2,1040,3,2,1,1
957,Performance analyzer,"It was around 8-9 years ago I saw a tool for Visual Studio (I don't really remember the name) which can visualize the function calls and their performance. I really liked it so I was wondering if there is anything similar to that in Python. Let's say you have three functions:  So, the final report of that tool was something like this (including connection diagrams):  A tool like this would make it easier to find the bottlenecks into a system. Especially for the large systems.",You could use the profiler bundled with the python installation.  Python Profiler Link,1.0,2,1650,4,2,1,0
958,Help with explanation,I have some codes that i find very hard to understand. Can someone help me break it down line by line? ,"The first line creates an instance of the class . The second line hooks up an event handler for the event . the third line starts an asynchronous request. When there is a response, the  will be triggered so that the event handler can use the response.",,0,357,5,2,1,1
959,Override UIView's frame,"I have subclassed UIView, but I need to prevent the frame from changing, so I tried overriding the  method and just ignoring the value passed, and creating my own CGRect base on  and passing it to  How can I make the UIView's frame unchangeable? (from within the subclass)",Step1: Override setFrame to do nothing.  Step 2: Move your semi-static frame setting into your overridden version of  to get a valid superview reference. ,,1,4054,6,2,1,1
960,Jquery check if image is loaded, Possible Duplicate: jQuery callback on image load (even when the image is cached)   Is there a way to check if image is loaded by jquery? I have some images with external src and sometime src points to 404 page. Is there a way to check if that image is loaded? and then I can remove it from dom otherwise. Thanks.,"jQuery has a function to deal with this, take a look at  So for example you could attach an  handler to all images and display something else if there is an error, like the source no longer exists:  Here is a demo",3.0,5,5406,6,2,0,1
961,Java EventQueue. Why should everything be in invokelater method?,"in the book that i'm reading, every example of GUI with multithreading has something like that:  (i mean EventQueue). but isn't the code automatically executed in the main (EDT) thread?",Desktop GUI applications usually work in this way. There is one thread for gui and one or several threads for rest of application.  Using  you specify what GUI thread should do from other threads.,3.0,9,2701,8,2,1,1
962,How can I deploy an unmanaged DLL with a WPF click-once application?,"I have a WPF click-once application that makes use of an unmanaged dll. When debugging locally I have just copied the dll into the debug/bin folder.  How can I include the dll in the project (VS2010) so it is deployed and accessible to the application? I have tried adding it as a Resource and setting ""Content"" and ""Copy Always"", and the file does seem to be present in the setup/deployment files, however the application is not able to see it. If it helps, this is an example of the code I use to access the methods in the unmanaged DLL. ","Rather than going through the whole ""Add Resource"" rigmarole - I just needed to ""Add existing item"" into the root folder of the project and then set ""Content"" and ""Copy Always"".",3.0,7,3829,8,2,1,0
963,How to get the current number of interactive user sessions in Windows?,"I'm writing a Windows service that needs to know whether there are any users currently logged-on in the machine. So far I've tried  (WMI), and / (secur32.dll). Both work, and seem to return the same data, but they are too slow to update when a user log off:  When the system starts, they return ""0 interactive users"". (OK) When I log on, they return ""1 interactive user"". (OK) But then when I log off, the number of users is kept at 1. After a new log-on, the number is 2, and so on.  Thus Win32_LogonSession nor LsaEnumerateLogonSessions are good enough. The service needs to know within 5 minutes after the last interactive user leaves. Not even SysInternals' LogonSessions.exe gives up-to-date answers. Also, the answer cannot be ""monitor logon and logoff events and have a counter variable"", because the service can be started at any time.",I ended up with the following approach: count the number of interactive sessions which have at least one process running. 1) Get the logon session id for each interactive session.  LsaEnumerateLogonSessions (secur32.dll) LsaGetLogonSessionData (secur32.dll) sessionData.LogonType = SECURITY_LOGON_TYPE.Interactive or sessionData.LogonType = SECURITY_LOGON_TYPE.RemoteInteractive sessionData.LoginID <- Keep this value in a LUID set. LsaFreeReturnBuffer (secur32.dll)  2) Get the logon session id for each running process. [First we need to enable the SeDebugPrivilege to the current application.]  GetCurrentProcess (kernel32.dll) OpenProcessToken TOKEN_ADJUST_PRIVILEGES (advapi32.dll) LookupPrivilegeValue SE_DEBUG_NAME (advapi32.dll) AdjustTokenPrivileges (advapi32.dll) CloseHandle (kernel32.dll)  [Then retrieve the data we want.]  EnumProcesses (psapi.dll) OpenProcess PROCESS_QUERY_INFORMATION (kernel32.dll) OpenProcessToken TOKEN_QUERY (advapi32.dll) GetTokenInformation TOKEN_INFORMATION_CLASS.TokenStatistics (advapi32.dll) accessTokenStatistics.AuthenticationId <- Keep this value in a LUID set. CloseHandle (kernel32.dll)  3) Sets intersection cardinality  Obs: sessionData.LoginID and accessTokenStatistics.AuthenticationId are both of type LUID.,3.0,3,2356,9,2,1,1
964,android ImageButton gets gray background,"i have a Button with a nice background selector. fine. in stead of text in the button, i want an image. i have tried just changing it to an ImageButton with a src attribute. when i do this, it looks like a gray background is overlaid behind my selector, behind the src image. when i change back to a regular Button, the problem goes away. what i want is just my background selector, plus the src image (in stead of the button text). any ideas?",ImageButton should have android:background set.  And backgroundstate: ,1.0,4,4602,10,2,0,1
965,How to make Struts radio tag create a vertical list of radio buttons,"I'm using a struts radio tag that is being populated with a list of objects that have two fields:  Here's what I was using on my page to display the list of radio buttons     However, this yields a horizontal list of radio buttons. I tried adding a css style to them:  But this causes the labels and the radio buttons to show up on separate lines as well, instead of the radio button and label on the same line:   first object  second object    third object  what I want is:   first object  second object  third object ","its actually simple, i mean use theme  :)  This will make  as a label and  as the property to submit",1.0,7,20111,12,2,1,1
966,Pinch to Zoom Image in JQM/Phonegap app,I have looked through a number of different post here and cant seem to find a post that definitively solves this.  I am using JQM and Phonegap build and need a way to pinch to zoom an image.  I am clicking on the thumbnail of an image on one page and the image opens in a separate page.   How do I get pinch to zoom on the image on just this one page? I found some post to hammerjs but never a complete solution. Any help would be greatly appreciated. Here is what my image page looks like.  UPDATED CODE:  iframe page ImageViewer  JavaScript  Updated the code above 12/2/14. Pinch zoom is working on the image.  Thanks RGecy,"You can load the content in an iframe, and use gesture detection and css transforms to scale the content.  You will have to set the source of an  tag to the DOM, so your setup would look like this  and imageViewer.html you can use the jquery plugin  to do the scaling.   That should do it. Another option is to enable viewport scaling on a different html page, if that navigation doesn't disrupt the state of your your application since the page will be reloaded when you return. The meta tag setting that allows for scaling is this  and cordova has a preference in your config.xml  Its suggested in some other answers on SO, but I haven't tried it. Sadly, you can't load the other page in an iframe since your page viewport settings prevent scaling.",1.0,2,5559,4,8,1,1
967,Cannot get requestWhenInUseAuthorization or requestWhenInUseAuthorization to work,"This is my code, it works fine in IOS7 but in IOS8 I can't get authorisation alert to show. I already added the keys in the Info plist for NSLocationWhenInUseUsageDescription & NSLocationAlwaysUsageDescription. .h  .m ","For example if you need ""WhenInUseAuthorization""  in your viewDidLoad :  Check your status from authStatus  And remember to add in your info.plist ",,0,178,1,13,1,1
968,Scala- How do I determine if an object is thread-safe?, If this implementation is not thread-safe how do I make it thread-safe? This function is going to be called simultaneously with different inputs.,"One thing to think about is how the ""state"" of your application might change when two different threads call the same function, or interact with the same object. In this case, your ""state"" might be ""what's been written to "". Consider the following scenario:  Two separate threads both call , sharing the same . This is a potential concurrency problem, as the data that gets written to  is not guaranteed to be in any particular order. You might get , or  , and so on.  does not change any of 's state, but it does change the state of the  that you pass; in order to ensure thread-safety you must take efforts to avoid using the same Writer at the same time (i.e. the scenario above). As a counter-point, here's a pretty thread-unsafe method:  If thread 1 calls  and thread 2 calls , the output will depend on which  happens last. You could end up with  hello 1   hello 2   goodbye 3 // should have been hello 3, but currentPrefix got changed   goodbye 1   goodbye 4 // should have been hello 4   goodbye 5 // should have been hello 5   goodbye 2   goodbye 3   goodbye 4   goodbye 5    or one of many other permutations. This is one reason why Scala tends to prefer ""immutability"" and ""statelessness"", because those are tools that simply don't need to worry about this kind of issue.  If you do find yourself forced to deal with mutable state, often the simplest way to ensure thread safety is to ensure your method can only be called once at a time, i.e. by using . At a finer-grained level, you want to ensure that a specific sequence of steps is not interleaved with another copy of that sequence on another thread (e.g. the GetDetails scenario I described at the beginning). You could also look into semaphores but that's beyond the scope of this answer.",,1,209,0,2,1,1
969,Can't return JSON object from python using django-ajax,"Trying to apply this ajax plugin for django https://github.com/yceruto/django-ajax I'v used ajaxPost successfully, but can't apply ajaxGet  In views.py. In python all data is printed fine.  In html:  If I alert  I get , if I alert  I get  (or just nothing if insert into html), despite in python I get the sting result I need . What is wrong? Doesn't python object transforms into JSON object? EDIT: Also for safe I serialized django object into json like this. No changes  EDIT2: I watched the structure of JSON   and it looks like this. So I missed 'fields' but it changed nothing. Still nothing is printed. And that is in case if I return HttpResponse : ","I think the error is in your JS code. Try rewriting the loop as follows:  Currently  are just indeces of the array, not its elements (a good explanation here).",,0,239,0,2,1,1
970,'Syntax error in FROM clause' or 'Syntax error in JOIN operation' when joining two CSV files,"I have two CSV files with baseball stats that I'm trying to join as follows,  I've written a C# function to connect using Jet. I'm not having any trouble querying a single table (sample query  works fine), but for some reason it doesn't like the join. Is it because the  and  tables are unrecognized? Relevant bits of my C# code attached,  The exception is thrown at the  line and  is simply the query string passed to the function as a string.","You :  You may need a more advanced syntax to get at the files, but this fixes syntax errors.",,0,297,1,2,1,1
971,Laravel Delete File,"I have a test.txt file in my Laravel public folder which I simply want to delete from my controller by using  Whenever I try to run, I keep getting a 'file not found' error  ErrorException in WidgetController.php line 32:   unlink('public/test.txt'): No such file or directory  What seems to be the problem here?",Use  to delete the file. More about the paths here ,,2,4982,1,2,1,1
972,Access the value of the array from the text in Watson,"I have list of values defined in the values of array inside the text element. Now, when the value of the aray is ""Counting finished"" I would like to route the flow to new node and pass some text to the user. How to achive the condition?","As that is output text the conversation tree can't see it unless you put it into the input or a context variable, and send it back into the tree.  The easier option is to create a counter. There is more details and an example conversation file here:  https://sodoherty.com/2016/09/22/using-counters-in-conversation/ Summary: You create a context variable like  for example, and set it with a value to countdown from.  Then in your input text you can add the following code to initiate a decrement.  This will be outputted though, so you can use a  to jump to another node which has  set to false. This will erase the counter from being displayed.  Optionally you can set the context variable directly like as follows.   This had issues in earlier versions of conversation though. I believe it should work now without issue.",,2,315,1,2,0,1
973,Margin/background displaying when loading on iphone,"I am hoping somebody can help me with a problem I have with my own site. Basically I am setting up media queries for a site I am working on. However, when displayed on an iphone, or similar device it is displaying a black background or margin, almost like as if there is a div with a width of 1800px or something hidden in the background. I have tried everything I can think of to sort this out, but I'm having no luck! I've got the site back down to a simplified version which you can view at www.creekharmonics.uk CSS for this simplified version is below:  Header HTML is below:  Index code is here:  This is how it currently loads on an iphone: iphone image This is how I want it to load: without black background This is the first website I have created from scratch using Wordpress, so   it's been a constant learning curve and I am sure there are things I should have done differently, but this is one hurdle I just can't seem to get over!  Any help would be really appreciated.","You can set an appropriate zoom level using a  tag. Put this into your :  This tells the phone to treat the viewport as 586 pixels wide, which matches your content. More info here https://developer.apple.com/library/content/documentation/AppleApplications/Reference/SafariWebContent/UsingtheViewport/UsingtheViewport.html And loads more here http://www.quirksmode.org/mobile/metaviewport/",,0,59,1,2,1,1
974,How to get uri from onRequestPermissionResult,"CODE  On this code, opening camera is doing well, but when i take a picture and enter, Error is shown.  On line of onActivityResult's uri part -  I think i cant get uri from CameraActivity. How can i get correct uri of picture that was taken? Would you teach me please? EDIT  Crash Logs ",This code is tested on 6.0 and 7.0 as well ,,0,651,2,2,1,1
975,Changing default download directory in Chrome Webdriver,Can anyone let me know how can I change the default download location for Chrome using Selenium-Perl. I am using Chrome Webdriver and the Perl module . I got code for Java but not in Perl for this task.,"I do not have the test setup but passing below as  or  to the constructor should work fine.  Snippet (untested):  Edit: Difference between  and  Selenium::Chrome allows you to use the ChromeDriver without needing the JRE or a selenium server running. If the ChromeDriver binary is not found, it falls back to the default Selenium::Remote::Driver. ",2.0,3,726,2,2,1,1
976,How to merge two cell array columns with added space in MATLAB,"I have two  cell arrays, month and time:  I want to merge the two cell arrays into one so that the format is:  horzcat turns these two cell arrays into two columns--I only want one column. Any ideas?",You can use  to horizontally concatenate the cell arrays of strings and insert a space between the two  Note that we have to put the space inside of a cell array so that  doesn't strip out the space  Trailing spaces in character array inputs are ignored and do not appear in the output. This is not true for inputs that are cell arrays of strings ,,1,140,2,2,1,1
977,python3.5 Error installing Django1.9.6: syntax error,When I call server.apache error log. I try to solve it but I failed. Hope anybody can help me. Thank you very much.  this is my python version.  this is my http.conf ,"Even though you have set the Python path within your mod_wsgi configuration to point to the 3.5 site-packages, mod_wsgi itself is still using Python 2.6 or earlier, which does not understand set literals. You need a version of mod_wsgi compiled against Python 3.5.",,0,80,3,2,1,0
978,KMP algorithm with python,"I am following clrs book and came across ""kmp algorithm"" for string matching. I implemented it using python (as-is). However, it doesn't seem to work for some reason. where is my fault? The code is given below:  ","This is a class I wrote based on CLRs KMP algorithm, which contains what you are after. Note that only DNA ""characters"" are accepted here. ",1.0,3,5843,3,2,1,1
979,What's the best way to learn server RESTful code?,"I'm an experienced client application developer (C++/C#), but need to come up to speed quickly on writing server side code to perform RESTful interactions.  Specifically, I need to learn how to exchange data with OpenSocial containers via the RESTful API.",RESTful Web Services,2.0,3,1400,3,3,0,0
980,"Is there a .NET namespace where I can find the WIN32 API message-related #defines, like WM_COMMAND, etc","I'm overriding WndProc, so I want to write code like ",AFAIK .NET does not ship with these constants. This site has all the values so is a matter of copy paste. ,1.0,2,1382,5,0,1,1
981,Can you force symfony resolve to a specific route?,Say that I have to following 2 routes in this order:  and I use a route such as:  Why does it resolve to the Zip route? I thought when you specified the route name explicitly: '@State' that it did not parse the entire routing file and just used the specific route you asked for. I would like to be able to use the same action to display data based on the variable name (zip or state)  I don't want to have to create the same action (results) twice just to pass in a different parameter.,"You need to add requirements so that it will recognize the different formats  That should fix it, although I agree with you that when you use a route name in a helper it should use the named route.",1.0,2,973,3,3,1,1
982,How can I use multiple shipping values in satchmo?,"There's already some shipping modules such as FEDEX, Flat Rate, Per pieced and UPS but how can I let the user choose its preferred shipping method and/or price? For those who don't know, Satchmo is a django app. ","arrg I'm dumb. Just found my answer by going through the shipping folder again and by reading the source code.  seems like I have to add the ""satchmo.shipping.modules.tiered"" app in my INSTALLED_APPS list. run ""python manage.py syncdb"" to add the appropriate models in the database Add some custom carriers in the Carriers table using the admin interface ",1.0,3,699,3,0,0,0
983,Ordering SQL query by specific field values,"I've got a sql query (using Firebird as the RDBMS) in which I need to order the results by a field, EDITION. I need to order by the contents of the field, however. i.e. ""NE"" goes first, ""OE"" goes second, ""OP"" goes third, and blanks go last. Unfortunately, I don't have a clue how this could be accomplished. All I've ever done is ORDER BY [FIELD] ASC/DESC and nothing else.  Any suggestions?  Edit: I really should clarify: I was just hoping to learn more here. I have it now that I just have multiple select statements defining which to show first. The query is rather large and I was really hoping to learn possibly a more effecient way of doing this:  example:  ",,0.0,18,31956,55,2,1,1
984,Is there a slim reader/writer lock for .NET 2.0?,"I've looked at the ReaderWriterLock in .NET 2.0 and the ReaderWriterLockSlim in .NET 3.5, and the slim version doesn't use kernel objects for the locking. For my context, which can potentially generate a large (but not huge) amount of objects, this sounds better. But the code I write needs to be used in both .NET 2.0 and 3.5 during a transition period, so the 3.5 version, while looking good for my purposes, can't be used. Does anyone have, or know of, a similar class that I can plug into .NET 2.0 and get some of the same benefits with?","As far as I know there isn't one from Microsoft (otherwise  would be somewhat pointless) and if you find one from a third party other than one you trust to have excellent minds who have spent a long time thinking about, implementing and testing it, I wouldn't trust it. I certainly wouldn't trust a random CodeProject implementation, for example. Do you have any concrete measures to suggest that using  would be so much better that it's worth looking hard for alternatives for .NET 2.0? It's certainly a ""nice to have"" but I suspect the cases where it's massively significant are relatively rare. Unless you already know that locking is a bottleneck for you, I would stick with what you've got and just be ready to upgrade when you can. You might want to try just using normal monitors rather than  though - in many cases the overhead of RWL outweighs the benefit. Of course, it's all on a case-by-case basis - your app may be one which really would be made much, much faster by ...",1.0,5,1930,5,2,0,1
985,C# equivalent to Java's continue <label>?,"Should be simple and quick: I want a C# equivalent to the following Java code:   Edit: OK it seems there is no such equivalent (hey - Jon Skeet himself said there isn't, that settles it ;)). So the ""solution"" for me (in its Java equivalent) is: ","I don't believe there's an equivalent, I'm afraid. You'll have to either use a boolean, or just ""goto"" the end of the inside of the outer loop. It's even messier than it sounds, as a label has to be applied to a statement - but we don't want to do anything here. However, I think this does what you want it to:  I would strongly recommend a different way of expressing this, however. I can't think that there are many times where there isn't a more readable way of coding it.",7.0,31,15218,35,3,1,1
986,"Warning: mysql_result() expects parameter 1 to be resource, object given","How to solve this error using wampserver, Warning: mysql_result() expects parameter 1 to be resource, object given ","As Fred -ii- says don't mixing mysql with mysqli There is no direct equivalent to mysql_result() in mysqli, but you can use the function mysqli_result implemented in the below code. This function  emulates what mysql_result() does but for the mysqli extension. Change your code to this: ",,0,5413,4,3,1,1
987,Determine if an attribute is a `DeferredAttribute` in django,"The Context  I have located a rather critical bug in Django Cache Machine that causes it's invalidation logic to lose its mind after a upgrading from Django 1.4 to 1.7.  The bug is localized to invocations of  on models that extend cache machine's . It results in deep recursions that occasionally bust the stack, but otherwise create huge  that cache machine uses for bi-directional invalidation for models in  relationships.     The Bug  The bug occurs in the following lines(https://github.com/jbalogh/django-cache-machine/blob/f827f05b195ad3fc1b0111131669471d843d631f/caching/base.py#L253-L254). In this case  is a instance of  with a mix of deferred and undeferred attributes:  Cache Machine does bidirectional invalidation across  relationships. It does this by looping over all the fields in a  and storing a series of pointers in cache that point to objects that need invalidated when the object in question is invalidated. The use of  in the Django ORM does some meta programming magic that overrides the unfetched attributes with Django's  implementation. Under normal circumstances an access to  would invoke (https://github.com/django/django/blob/18f3e79b13947de0bda7c985916d5a04e28936dc/django/db/models/query_utils.py#L121-L146) and fetch the attribute either from the result cache or the data source. It does this by fetching the undeferred representation of the  in question and calling another  query on it.  This is the problem when looping over the foreign keys in the  and accessing their values, Cachine Machine introduces an unintentional recursion.  on an attribute that is deferred induces a fetch of a  that has the  applied and has deferred attributes. This starts the whole caching process over again. The Question  I would like to open a PR to fix this and I believe the answer to this is as simple as skipping over the deferred attributes, but I'm not sure how to do it because accessing the attribute causes the fetch process to start. If all I have is a handle on an instance of a  with a mix of deferred and undeferred attributes, Is there a way to determine if an attribute is a  without accessing it? ",Here is how to check if a field is deferred:  Taken from: https://github.com/django/django/blob/1.9.4/django/db/models/base.py#L393,,18,9474,10,3,1,1
988,How to get the marathi unicode front from json and display on android,"I have marathi data stored in mysql database and want to display in android using json, I am able to get the English data, but if trying to get the marathi it displays ""?????"" even when i print json on browser it also shows ""????"" i am using php for defining web service. My json Output: [{""heading"":""??? ???? "",""details"":""??? ???? ???? ??????????? ??? ?? ????? ?????????? ???? ???????? ??????? ??????? ???? ?? ??????? ???? ????? ??? ?????????? ????? ?? ?????????? ??? ??? ??????????? ??????????? ? ???????????? ?? ???. ????? ????????? ????? ?????? ????? ?????????? ?????? ??""}] values are coming to android but displaying like ""???????""   how to do it??","Are you using utf8 in your database tables & php database connection (you have to run ""SET NAMES utf8"" after connecting to mysql)? If so, does it work correctly in desktop browser? If it does, I suppose you have to use different font, if not, then you have to fix your database/connection encoding ",0.0,0,1302,0,4,0,0
989,Cannot allocate memory for a column of compound floats on a partitioned table,I have a partitioned table in my hdb that includes a column containing large lists of floats (at most 400 floats per element). eg each element looks like  When trying to select on this column from days where there are particularly high numbers of rows I get an error saying   The same error arises from a query like:  even though on days with fewer rows this query returns the first value of each element in the column. Is there a way to stream this column in a select to decrease the memory requirements of holding the whole column in memory for a large day? EDIT .Q.ind on large days fails with the same error. ie given I can work with 2015.02.01 but not 2015.02.02:  is fine but  fails with  I should note I am using the free 32-bit version,"I think this is all just a combination of the free-32bit memory limitation, the fact that your row counts are possibly large and the fact that (unavoidably) something must be pulled entirely into memory when retrieving data from a column, whether it is the column itself that gets entirely pulled in (in the non-nested case) or if its the nested-index column that gets entirely pulled in. Another thing to consider is that kdb uses powers-of-two (buddy) memory allocation. Even if todays table only contains one more row than yesterdays, the memory requirements per column could double. Take a simple example: In the free 32bit version (windows) you can create this many floats and it only uses ~1.07gb of memory  However, try to generate one extra float and you hit a memory limit  So even a small amount of rows in the difference between one day and the next can be very significant if you're near the boundary of allocatable powers of two. --DISCLAIMER-- the following is hacky and is only intended for debugging!  You can actually manually try to access the data from the nested list, though you may still have memory issues here anyway. Create a nested table and splay it  You can try to read in the indices from the nested-index file  So the indices for splitting the full list of floats (the col1# file) is index 3, index 5, 10 etc etc Say I want the first 3 rows  then I know that I need the first 10 floats from the col1# file and need to split them at index 3 and 5. Then I can read the col1# file partially and split it correctly  But this is precisely what KDB does under the covers anyway so I suspect that you'll still have trouble even reading in the nested-index file in the first place. Check this debug/hack and see if you can partially read that way. But obviously it's not a long-term solution!",,0,642,1,4,1,1
990,c# format objects for querystring,"I am writing some extensions to a shop flow where I need to make some calls to a REST service. Because of many places from which I need to call this, I need to do it from c# (this being said for the suggestions to use jquery or other ideas that involves code going to the frontend). Short version: I need to format an array of objects and pass it along for a GET request. Long version: Here is a bit of jQuery to examplify  What I would like is to format my business objects so that I can pass it along to the HttpWebRequest without having to manually build every single part of the querystring. Something along the lines of this (only that it would be actualy working):  Thank you in advance :)","An  request cannot contain a request body. Since they're meant to be used to get content, you won't send content to get content. I wouldn't use the query string in your case. If you need to send data, you either need the following verbs:  , if you need to create a new object in the server-side. , if you need to update an existing object in the server-side.  In the other hand, if you want to format a JavaScript object as JSON, you need to use the built-in  object and its  function, or provide the right content type (i.e. ) to  function.",,0,96,1,4,1,1
991,Split a spliterator into N spliterators,"While analyzing a colleague's Java 7 code from a few years ago, I found that he implemented a utility for traversing data, potentially in parallel. He called it , and it extended the  interface. Some of its new methods were awkwardly familiar:   would give the exact size of the range;   would separate the range into 2 pieces, preferably, although not necessarily, similar in size (modifying the current range and creating a new one);  would separate the range into N sub-ranges, potentially attempting to make them as even as possible. Although  was there from , its subtypes were merely throwing .  What I said to myself was that this is definitely what we can now do with (subsized) spliterators, thus taking advantage of the stream API. However, the spliterator in Java 8 does not provide an easy approach to splitting into  parts. With a recursive function, we can split it up to  parts with  recursion levels, but the approach is not as trivial when  is not a power of two, not to mention that it feels unnatural to keep a utility function just for the effect.  One might also say to simply avoid messing around with spliterators and let a stream do the splitting induced by forks during the actual processing, but the ForkJoin strategy might not be very adequate for the task, and does not guarantee that it will use the number of threads that we specifically wish to dedicate to the job. There could be cases of heavy tasks being performed on a small number of elements, in fact. The question sums up to the following: having a spliterator with at least the characteristics SIZED and SUBSIZED, how can I split it into an exact number of spliterators?","The way to do it, which is not even that hacky and interoperates with the existing F/J support framework, is coding a spliterator wrapper which uses its own splitting policy. What you lose is the ability to leverage a natively random-access structure; you can only split by iterating over the inner splitetator's data set. You can refer to my earlier answer where I present the code which splits into batches of predetermined size; it is quite easy to adapt it to your case with just an appropriate constructor call.",1.0,3,1034,2,4,1,0
992,"Access to /admin, why any user logged into the system can access?","I have days trying to make this work and I can't so as a last resort I hope any can help me here. The point is that my application, as every application has a  which should be accessed by any user registered in the system except those that have, so far, the role  and a  which so otherwise, should have access only users with  and normal users who do not own roles or having the default role ROLE_USER should neither be able to login. The problem I have is that, regardless, if I sign with any normal user without permissions to the admin (lacks ) and access to the URL  them can enter without any problem which is completely wrong. On the other hand if I try to log on to the  with any user with  can do it without any problem and this should not happen. This is my configuration :  What am I doing wrong? Can anyone give me any suggestions? I have read docs from top to bottom several times but don't get what I'm doing wrong","Access control works very similar to routing, the first match is the one executed. This means that requests for /admin will be matched with:  You should put your /admin rule first. Also, I find it much better practice to secure the controllers whenever you can (which avoids common problems like these): http://symfony.com/doc/current/book/security.html#securing-controllers-and-other-code",,0,149,3,4,1,1
993,CAS Single logout not working,"I am implementing Single-Sign-On + Single-Log-Out in a Java EE environment through CAS. On the authentication side I have the cas-server-webapp v4.0.1. Then 2 simple Java + Spring MVC web apps with the . No issues regarding single sign on. If I access /app1 I'm redirected to cas login page in cas-server-webapp. After the user+pass input I get redirected to /app1 correctly authenticated. In addition, if I navigate to /app2, this one gets its auth ticket. So far so good. As for single logout, maybe I have misunderstood the doc: but this is what I do: app1 and app2 have each a Spring controller mapped for /logout url:  That is to say, I invalidate the http session and redirect to the cas server logout url so that the tickets get invalidated. In the cas server log I see that it destroys the TGT ticket and sends a logout request to the CAS filter of each app:  Now, suppose that I logged out from /cas1, I am sent back to the cas-server login page. Without login again, if I access /app2, I am allowed to navigated this app as if I were still authenticated and I can access both its java.user.Principal and session. How can this be possible? Shouldn't the logout request received in /app2 have destroyed the Principal and http session?","...my fault, as expected I was missing something. I had to include the Single Sign Out Filter and Listener in both apps : ",,5,8654,5,4,1,1
994,Should I pin my Python dependencies versions?,"I am about to release a Python library I've been working on the past few weeks. I've read a lot about Python dependencies but something is not quite clear yet: Some people pretend you should never pin your dependencies versions as it would prevent the users of your library from upgrading those dependencies. Some other claim that you should always pin your dependencies versions as it is the only way of guaranteeing that your release works the way it did when you developped it and to prevent that a breaking change in a dependency wreaks havoc in your library. I'm somehow went for an hybrid solution, where I assumed my dependencies used semantic versioning  and pinned only the major version number (say ) except when the major version number is  (semantic versioning dictates that such versions are to be considered volatile and may break the API even if only the patch number is bumped). As of now, I'm not sure which way is the best. Is there an official guideline (even a PEP perhaps ?) that dictates the best practice regarding Python dependencies and how to specify them ?","You should always pin your dependencies as it increases the possibility of safe, repeatable builds, even as time passes.  The pinned versions are your declaration as a package maintainer that you've verified that your code works in a given environment.  This has a nice side effect of preserving your sanity as you won't be inundated with bug reports in which you have to play inspector into every package codependency and system detail.  Users can always choose to ignore the pinned dependency-versions and do so at their own risk.  However, as you release new versions of your library, you should update your dependency versions to take in improvements and bug fixes. The section of PEP 426 about Semantic dependencies (Metadata for Python Software Packages ) states: ""Dependency management is heavily dependent on the version identification and specification scheme defined in PEP 440 (PEP 440 - Version Identification and Dependency Specification)."" From this, I infer that the authoritative ""best practice"" is to version your dependencies, as the relationship of the PEP on packaging is stated to be ""heavily dependent"" on the versioning details outlined by the related PEP. ",7.0,24,5309,7,4,1,0
995,AuthenticationFailedException error while sending SMTP email,"I try to send SMTP email in java, but I have an error like this and I don't get a mail. I turn off all firewall and anti-virus. The error:  Here is my code: ","Login to email from browser and go this page. You will see this;  Make sure to click ""Turn on"" and try your code again.",4.0,4,7895,13,4,1,0
996,DatagridView CheckBox checking returns FormatExceptiion,"I browsed a lot on StackOverflow and all over the internet but couldn't find anything that could help me. I am putting some information from a SQL database onto a DataGridView, and i am adding an extra column with checkboxes.  Here is the method for creating the column with Checkboxes:  And it all works fine for now:  I created a button for testing purposes, which i want when clicked to write the number of rows that have a checked checkBox on label2.  When i run it and click Button1 i get the following Exception:  ""An unhandled exception of type 'System.FormatException' occurred in mscorlib.dll Additional information: String was not recognized as a valid Boolean.""  Can you give me some help on how to fix this. I wrote a similar thread half an hour ago when I had a different problem but it got Duplicated so I tried to change my code and now I get this.","The column index isn't what you think it is.  Use the name instead:  Your grid has a data source but when you add the CheckBox column to the grid, it's not a part of the data source.  That could mess up the index values of your columns.  Running your code on my computer actually ended up having the CheckBox column with an index of zero, despite appearing as the last column.",,1,134,1,5,1,1
997,How to detect if Chromecast is already connected on Android Sender?,"I have an Android sender for Google Cast, and a Chromecast. I can cast video to a TV, and the cast button on actionbar becomes white. Now comes the question. When I leave the sender app, Chromecast continues to play video. This is what I want. But when I re-open the sender app, I don't know how to detect if the devices is already running my receiver, so I need to automatically join current session. Can anyone help? Thank you!"," has three different variations; in one of them, you can specify an  and join happens successfully only if the cast device is running that application.  If you want to join when not only the same app is running, but also still in the same session that you had started before, you need to persist the  each time you launch an app and then use another variation of the  that takes an  and a .",,0,1381,2,5,0,1
998,How do I get a new parent ID when cascade creating from a child in NHibernate?,"I have a parent child relationship where the parent doesn't have a reference to the children - something like this :  In the database this just means that the  table has a  column. This column can be null - i.e. it's possible to have a -less . I'm using Fluent conventions to map the domain, but there's an override for this relationship so that we can update a  and create a new  at the same time :  The problem arises when we add a new  to an existing  and immediately need to read the ID of that Parent (while in a transaction), e.g. :  Which just prints  rather than giving me the Id of the new Parent - I had assumed  would...well, cascade. Is that wrong? If I commit the transaction before accessing the Id, everything is fine, or if I save the new Parent explicitly that works too, e.g.  Is there any way I can change my override so that saving the child object will allow the parent id to be immediately accessible? (Or is there something else I'm doing wrong?)","The good is, that all is working properly. And your mapping is correct. Because if this snippet is working...  ... the concept is working as well. Why? What is all about? Why  helped to solve that? Well, because  is an abstraction, it is the virtual persistence storage. It does not execute any SQL Statements in the moment we call . It just keeps all information (gathered during working with that session) and executing the SQL WRITE Statements only  if desperately must (the ID generated by DB is needed for farther stuff) if the session decides (if allowed ... see below session mode Auto) if explicitly asked for  But better and more precise will be to cite doc: 9.6. Flush  From time to time the ISession will execute the SQL statements needed to synchronize the ADO.NET connection's state with the state of objects held in memory. This process, flush, occurs by default at the following points  ...  Except when you explicity , there are absolutely no guarantees about when the Session executes the ADO.NET calls, only the order in which they are executed. However, NHibernate does guarantee that the ISession.Find(..) methods will never return stale data; nor will they return the wrong data. It is possible to change the default behavior so that flush occurs less frequently. The FlushMode class defines three different modes: only flush at commit time (and only when the NHibernate ITransaction API is used), flush automatically using the explained routine (will only work inside an explicit NHibernate ITransaction), or never flush unless Flush() is called explicitly. The last mode is useful for long running units of work, where an ISession is kept open and disconnected for a long time (see Section 11.4, “Optimistic concurrency control”).  And there is the answer. The  setting:  So, if the FlushMode is  - only transaction commit triggers the  But we can do it any time ourselves:  And now parent will have the ID - becuase session state was just converted into SQL WRITE operations...",,1,531,2,5,1,1
999,jwplayer convert <object> to javascript,"I am trying to convert the code below:  to this code:  but I get ""Error loading player: No playable sources found"" can anyone try it and give me the solution thanks.",This code:  Needs to be: ,1.0,1,334,2,5,1,1
1000,SQL Update Query not updating records,"I have a list of games that when clicked lead to a form that allows users to edit records before updating them. Here is the Edit Games page;   Here is the update page that runs when the submit button is clicked;  The edit games page works and I can edit the records, when I press the submit button it comes up with the echo statement saying the record was updated, however, no changes happen and I'm not sure why.","Your form uses , not , so your  variable is not set on any of your requests, but  is. Update your form or your  page, so that the names match.",,0,1846,0,6,1,1
1001,How to make a button to do some operation or change to another view?,"help me please. how to make a button to do some operation or change to another view? I want that by pressing on it, commands were complete then need that moved on another view. please tell me how else to do to another kind in which a transition is updated when you press the button, all the same. And there were set data from datamodel ","Add this at the end of your method:  Note: You may need to instantiate the view controller you want to present in a different way than just . For example, you may want to load a view controller defined in a nib or storyboard.",,0,28,0,6,1,1
1002,ANTLR4 Grammar only matching first part of parser rule,"I'm using ANTLR 4 to try and parse task definitions. The task definitions look a little like the following:  My grammar file then looks like the following:  This grammar compiles fine in ANTLR, but when it comes to trying to use the parser, I get the following error:  It looks like the parser isn't recognising the block part of the definition, but I can't quite see why. The block parse rule definition should match as far as I can tell. I would expect to have a TaskContext, with a child BlockContext containing a single AssignmentContext. I get the TaskContext, but it has the above exception. Am I missing something here? This is my first attempt at using Antler, so may be getting confused between Lexxer and Parser rules...","Your  consumes the entire input. That rule has to go: ANTLR's lexer will always try to match as much characters as possible. I also see that  might consume that entire input. It has to go to, or at least be changed to consume less chars.",1.0,1,820,1,6,1,1
1003,"Allow text box only uppercase, lowercase letters and space in jquery","I want to make a text box allow only lowercase(a-z), uppercase(A-Z) letters and space using jQuery. When I searching it on here I found this code, but it allow only lowercase letters.   So I tried it using  But I couldn't figure it out.  Hope somebody may help me out.  Thank you. ","You can use the  flag on the Regex to make it case-insensitive and  to allow spaces. Finally you can also use a function to amend the current value, to save having to cache the selector. Try this:  Example fiddle Depending on your jQuery version you should also change  to .",,1,3623,1,6,1,1
1004,Google Earth Engine: Region of Landsat Image,"I have some manipulation in Google Earth Engine, for example:  And now I want to export result () to google drive using method , but I don't known how to specify parameter  to meet the same as original image  is. Please help me construct this region.",I think that's what you're looking for:  In this case I'm using the image's footprint ( with  ) to define my export region. Note that I'm using the function  to derive the scale (resolution) of your export. This makes sure I'm using the native resolution of the image (in this case 30m). You need to add  to the function to actually retrieves the integer from the server. You could also just specify 30 or any other desired resolution in meters. HTH  Edit: Just a visual aid to what I've written in the comment below: 3 Images:  Top left corner of original LS image (downloaded from EarthExplorer) - Red  indicates     LS image from GEE on top of original image (GEE image has redish pixels) - You can clearly see that there's still the  part of the original image which is missing in the GEE version. The thing I would be concerned about is that the pixels don't line up nicely.    The top right corner of both images: Here you can see how far the 2 images are apart  ,0.0,0,929,1,4,1,1
1005,WPF Binding Overwrites Changes made in code,Suppose I am creating an  in OrderViewModel class.  I also have a CarUserControl.xaml file. In the corresponding code behind class (CarUserControl.xaml.cs) I have a line:  Is it possible to set a DataContext of CarUserControl from OrderViewModel class? EDIT: This is a modified version of my previous question.," There is only one instance where I am using the default constructor for CarViewModel, in CarUserControl.xaml.cs  You are also instantiating in you xaml file as well.    You are not binding to  anywhere in your code but to the new instance you created.  I figured out that the binding mechanism is not using the instance I just created, rather it is using a default constructor for CarViewModel.   I am not sure if ""not using the instance I just created"" refer to the instance in ObservableCollection. If that is what you are trying to do, You should bind to the collection. I can't tell where your  is but you need to have 's  refering to this list. PS: You code doesn't state what you are actually trying to do though.",,-3,56,2,4,1,1
1006,what does this function signature mean?,I came across this function signature  So this declares a function which takes and A and returns a B and then what is that  after B?," is type  but it has a default value of ""just return the  part"". So you can invoke  without an argument and it will use the default function.",,0,252,2,4,1,1
1007,Copy to Output Directory in Visual Studio 2017,"Hello I am walking through this tutorial here. I have created a Console App project in Visual Studio 2017 and have successfully added references to the EmguCV library. However I am struggling with the OpenCv files.  After adding them to the solution, then highlighting them and clicking properties, there is no available option to ""Copy to Output Directory"".   The properties window only displays the Misc section. How do enable ""Copy to Output Directory"" for these files in VS 2017?","The Solution Items are part of the solution folder structure and do no belong to a project, Copy to Output directory relates to a project build, which copies the items to the output directory on a successful build. In your case, you want to copy those 2 dlls when you build your ConsoleOCR Project, you can use post build events. Go to your project, right click and select Properties. Then go to Build Events tab, click Edit Post-Build and specify the commands:  I assume you use those DLLs as references in your project, you can go to your References in the project and right click them then change the property of Copy Local to True.",,6,10981,5,4,0,1
1008,Adding a controller for ApplicationUser.cs? MVC Core,"I'm trying to add a controller for the ApplicationUser.cs so that when a admin is logged in, they have the ability to view, edit, delete any records from the dbo.AspNetUsers table however I think I'm doing it wrong. Any ideas? Here's the code for the ApplicationUser.cs:  When I try to add a controller for the ApplicationUser model class, the controller gets created (including the view files) but fails to launch. The controller is the default code after creating a new controller.","you're totally on track Dean.  However, I'm going to walk you through how to create the controller manually, and create the edit method too. Feel free to check your generated controller for any mismatch, or better still, follow these steps entirely. first off: I advise you create a Viewmodel (in a new file) that has only the properties you intend to expose to the admin. This View model could look like this.  note that using a view model is a more standardized approach, so feel free to skip this step. Next: You should create a controller such as an like so. ",1.0,2,836,2,5,1,1
1009,Drop Constant columns Non numeric data,"i want to drop constant column in a csv file i did this source ,but appearently this code through an exception when data type is Timestamp for example when it is not numeric i think this what i did , is there any help so the source is generalized to work on all types inputs Thanks   here is an example of data , for example the timestamp column causes problem   Expected result is   since col.3 didn't change.",Drop constant column: How about use :  Or construct the aggregations firstly: ,,2,522,1,6,1,1
1010,Zero MQ with C++ bindings and Open MP blocking issue. Why?,"I wrote a test for ZeroMQ to convince myself that it manages to map replies to the client independent from processing order, which would prove it thread safe. It is a multi-threaded server, which just throws the received messages back at the sender. The client sends some messages from several threads and checks, if it receives the same message back. For multi-threading I use OpenMP. That test worked fine and  I wanted to move on and re-implement it with C++ bindings for ZeroMQ.  And now it doesn't work in the same way anymore. Here's the code with ZMQPP:  The test blocks and doesn't get executed to the end. I played around with s a little bit and found out that only one change can ""fix"" it:  The code is still getting executed parallel in that case, but I have to divide the loop executions number by a number of my physical cores. Does anybody have a clue what's going on here?","Prologue: ZeroMQ is by-definition and by-design NOT Thread-Safe. This normally does not matter as there are some safe-guarding design practices, but situation here goes even worse, once following the proposed  design. Having spent some time with ZeroMQ, your proposal headbangs due to violations on several principal things, that otherwise help distributed architectures to work smarter, than a pure  of monolithic code. ZeroMQ convinces in ( almost ) every third paragraph to avoid sharing of resources. Zero-sharing is one of the ZeroMQ's fabulous scalable performance and minimised latency maxims, so to say in short. So one has better to avoid sharing  instance at all ( unless one knows pretty well, why and how the things work under the hood ). Thus an attempt to fire 1000-times ( almost ) in parallel ( well, not a true  ) some flow of events onto a shared instance of  ( the less once it was instantiated with default parameters and having none performance tuning adaptations ) will certainly suffer from doing the very opposite from what is, performance-wise and design-wise, recommended to do.  What are some of the constraints, not to headbang into? 1) Each  instance has a limited amount of I/O-threads, that were created during the instantiation process. Once a fair design needs some performance-tuning, it is possible to increase such number of I/O-threads and data-pumps will work that better ( sure, none amount of data-pumps will salvage a poor, the less a disastrous design / architecture of a distributed computing system. This is granted. ). 2) Each  instance has an { implicit | explicit } mapping onto a respective I/O-thread ( Ref. 1) ). Once a fair design needs some increased robustness against sluggish event-loop handlings or against other  adverse effects arisen from data-flow storms ( or load-balancing or you name it ), there are chances to benefit from a divide-and-conquer approach to use  method to directly map each  instance onto a respective I/O-thread, and remain thus in control of what buffering and internal queues are fighting for which resources during the real operations. In any case, where a total amount of threads goes over the localhost number of cores, the just-CONCURRENT scheduling is obvious ( so a dream of a true  execution is principally and inadvertently lost. This is granted. ). 3) Each  has also a pair of ""Hidden Queue Devastators"", called High-Watermarks. These get set either { implicitly | explicitly }, the latter being for sure a wiser manner for performance tuning. Why Devastators? Because these stabilise and protect the distributed computing systems from overflows and are permitted to simply discard each and every message above the  level(s) so as to protect the systems capability to run forever, even under heavy storms, spurious blasts of crippled packets or DDoS-types of attack. There are many tools for tuning this domain of ZeroMQ Context()-instance's behaviour, which go beyond the scope of this answer ( Ref.: other my posts on ZeroMQ  benefits or the ZeroMQ API specifications used in  method ). 4) Each  transport-class based  instance has also inherited some O/S dependent heritage. Some O/S demonstrate this risk by extended accumulation of ip-packets ( outside of any ZeroMQ control ) until some threshold got passed and thus a due design care ought be taken for such cases to avoid adverse effects on the intended application signalling / messaging dynamics and robustness against such uncontrollable ( exosystem ) buffering habits. 5) Each  and  method call is by-definition blocking, a thing a massively distributed computing system ought never risk to enter into. Never ever. Even in a school-book example. Rather use non-blocking form of these calls. Always. This is granted. 6) Each  instance ought undertake a set of careful and graceful termination steps. A preventive step of  + an explicit   methods are fair to be required to be included in every use-case ( and made robust to get executed irrespective of any exceptions that may get appeared. ). A poor { self- | team- }-discipline in this practice is a sure ticket into hanging up the whole application infrastructure due to just not paying due care on a mandatory resources management policy. This is a must-have part of any serious distributed computing Project. Even the school-book examples ought have this. No exceptions. No excuse. This is granted.",1.0,1,435,1,6,1,1
1011,Can we use order by in subquery? If not why sometime could use top(n) order by?,"I'm an entry level trying to learn more about SQL, I have a question ""can we use order by in subquery?"" I did look for some article says no we could not use.  But on the other hand, I saw examples using top(n) with order by in subquery:  So now I'm bit confused. Could anyone advise? Thank you very much."," Yes, you are right we cannot use order by in a inner query. Because it is acting as a table. A table in itself needs to be sorted when queried for different purposes. In your query itself the inner query is select some records using Top 2. Eventhough these are top 2 records only, they form a table with 2 records which is enough for it to recognized as a table and join it with another table  The right query will be:-  Hope I have answered your question.",,-1,467,0,8,1,1
1012,Android: Supporting backward competibility,"I'm getting confuse that when we are building our project in android studio we are asked to define from where we want to support till latest, what about if we don't include support library which says that it supports backward compatiblity? then only methods i get will be of latest version and the older versions will not able to run our code, am i right? also I'm unable to understand these lines from documentation  Note: FragmentActivity is a special activity provided in the Support Library to handle fragments on system versions older than API level 11. If the lowest system version you support is API level 11 or higher, then you can use a regular Activity  but If Im extending Activity instead of FragmentActivity in this case   getSupportFragmentManager is unresolved, although I'm building project that is for higher than API 11 then why they say you should use Activity? and if i use getSupportFragment is unresolved. Later in documentation they say:  If you're using the v7 appcompat library, your activity should instead extend AppCompatActivity, which is a subclass of FragmentActivity. For more information, read Adding the App Bar).  does v7 does not support version older than API 11?","UPDATE: As per the changes in Compat libs support versioning with the release of 24.2.0 and greater, the minimum supported version has become the same for v4 and v7, i.e, API level 9. Here is what the docs say now:  Some of the Support Library packages have package names to indicate   the minimum level of the API they support, using a v# notation, such   as the support-v4 package. Starting with Support Library version   24.2.0 (released in August 2016), the minimum supported API level has changed to Android 2.3 (API level 9) for all support library packages.   For this reason, when working with any recent release of the support   library, you should not assume that the the v# package notation   indicates a minimum API support level. This change in recent releases   also means that library packages with the v4 and v7 are essentially   equivalent in the minimum level of API they support. For example, the   support-v4 and the support-v7 package both support a minimum API level   of 9, for releases of the Support Library from 24.2.0 and higher.  The main difference then lies between the specific features introduced by each. Both have different feature sets. For ex,  lies in v7 while  lies in v4. In this case,  should be preferred but other features don't intersect largely. Read here: https://developer.android.com/topic/libraries/support-library/index.html Disclaimer: While choosing to support a minimum version, you must pick carefully for intersecting versions. It is therefore highly recommended to refer to docs as Android APIs update pretty fast and answers like these get obsolete.  ORIGINAL ANSWER: You are confusing yourself. It's simple really. As per my understanding:  Support classes require support components, i.e, Activity, Fragments, etc. So, a support Fragment manager would require a  or an . So, not including a support library while using  is bound to give compile time error. Since Fragment was introduced at API level 11, that's why FragmentActivity would be used as a support component on API level < 11 so that you don't have to write code like,  for standard and crucial Android features released in each Android release. But FragmentActivity is in v4 compat lib. If you don't aim to support that back, use the v7 one,  Your regular Activity is supposed to the the Activity from your targeted Android APIs().  Also see, Activity, AppCompatActivity, FragmentActivity, and ActionBarActivity: When to Use Which?",,0,51,1,12,1,1
1013,Extend elements in list of lists in Python,"I need to fill a list of lists with zeros up to a certain range. I am calculating the reduced profits for a period of infection (a_x). After the infection the profits have to be accounted for with zeros for all of my 3 systems. The planning horizon is 50 years, so I need to extend the elements in my list of lists (tilde_Pi_) to comprise of 50 elements in every sublist respectively.   I tried to write an .extend syntax but something is wrong  Does anyone have an idea how to extend the 3 lists in my list of lists (tilde_Pi_) to comprise of 50 elements respectively, the first 5 (len(a_x)) calculated as above, the remainder filled by zeros?",Try it this way:  The way to extend sublist is  Hope this helps!,,0,1009,1,1,1,1
1014,Regex numbers after letters,"I have this regex:   and this string:  I don't want to match the any numbers in ',98dépo 58 cou54lis GU966' but all others yes. How can I do this? thanks",Pattern:  Pattern Demo All of your valid numbers have a comma or vertical white-space before them.  Output:  This adjustment of apokryfos' method returns the same expected result as my regex method.  It merely prepares the string for explosion by converting newline characters to commas.,,2,55,2,1,1,1
1015,Firebase get all usernames & user Id starting with user entered character,"I am trying to only fetch username and user IDs that only start with the User entered text. Below is my firebase database:  As you can see the database contains a list of user Ids which contains the username.   For Example:  If the user enters M in the search box, Query should   return Mr Jois and it's the corresponding user ID.  I am trying to do this using javascript. Below is my code:  But I am not getting the expected results. Can someone please tell me how to query the result to get the expected result?","Firebase Database queries do a prefix match, not a contains. But since you only specify  the query matches all users from the ones whose name starts with the prefix, including all names after it. If you only want results that start with the prefix string, you'll want to also use : ",,0,881,3,1,1,1
1016,insert an element into a list of dictionaries,"I have declared an empty list and I want to append dictionaries through a  loop by using the  method, but I end with a list with the same content in all its positions (the same dictionary) This is the code:  If I change  for , the result is even worst.","That is because you each time add the same dictionary to the list: indeed you only change the key/values of that dictionary, and add that dictionary a second time, etc. Furthermore by using , you actually add a iterable of elements to a list. A dictionary is an iterable: you iterate over the keys. So what you should do is (1) construct a new dictionary each time, and (2) use  instead of extend:  We can also improve the code, for instance instead of setting the key-value pairs, we can do this at the construction of the dictionary. You use , but this is not necessary here: we can use  instead of , so a more elegant approach is probably:   Now since the list is initially empty, we can also use list comprehension: ",,1,38,3,1,1,1
1017,c++ error using std::accumulate creating Least Common Multiple class,I am trying to write a class the calculates the Least Common Multiple: LeastCommonMultiple.h:  LeastCommonMultiple.cpp  I am getting the error:   Error    C3867   'LeastCommonMultiple::GetLeastCommonMultiple': non-standard syntax; use '&' to create a pointer to member   myproject   Before making this code object Oriented I tested it using the  function in  and passing  an array and it worked fine. I have read other questions on this error and the issue was forgetting to add parenthesis at the end of the function BUT I should not have to do that with  since it is being used in   I am basing my code off this post: C++ algorithm to calculate least common multiple for multiple numbers,"I would use  for this:  This ""binds"" the member function you are trying to use with the current object. (The  represents one of the parameters of the function you are trying to pass) On the other hand, you could make the method you are trying to use  and use  when passing it to . Finally, you could even use a lambda here! Thanks to @Jarod42 for this  On a side note, for this line of code:  You don't need the class name mentioned with the member function since it is not static.",,2,318,3,1,1,1
1018,How do I replace all instances of lowercase k with a unicode character using jQuery?,"How do I replace all instances of lowercase k with a unicode character? I've got a webfont loaded, and the default k is pretty ugly, so I want to swap it for an alternate character (unicode 006b) Been trying something along these lines but it doesn't work yet: ","Almost there, add an  for  (in JS)  Example: Replace  with Unicode ""k""  hexadecimal         Still does not works? That's because of  settings - which means that even if you replace the  with the Unicode value - the same stylized character might appear since it's settled in the same Unicode space-value. A remedy would be to replace it with a different  like:          If you're a designer, I would always first suggest you open that silly font in a Font editor, edit the desired character and save as otf, ttf and load the new font version by appending a query  to your font URL in order to make sure the edited font is pulled by the browser.   Tip/Reminder for Unicode hexadecimals  HTML:   JS:  CSS:  ",,0,34,3,1,1,1
1019,add a column with update time to data frame,"I am new to python and I am playing with pandas libraries. I have a dataframe called COMBO that combines 5 different excel spreadsheets into one master spreadsheet. I want to add a new column at the end showing when and what time I combined the spreadsheets, but I am having a hard time making it to work. I get an error: TypeError: cannot concatenate a non-NDFrame object. Here is what I have tried so far:  Basically, I concatenate the sheets first, then get the date and time, then create a new dataframe that is empty called TIMESTAMP. Then, for every row in the COMBO I append  the date and time to the empty dataframe TIMESTAMP (this is so I end up with a column with the same number of rows as the one in the COMBO, all with the same timestamp). At the end, I concatenate TIMESTAMP to the COMBO to generate the MASTER sheet. I am not sure if the methodology is the correct one, but it is not working. Any help would be appreciated.  thanks","According to your expected output, it may be simpler to just add timestamp column without creating another dataframe ",,0,836,0,2,1,1
1020,Access variable of Viewcontroller in AppDelegate,"As the question says, I am trying to access a variable of my ViewController inside my AppDelegate.swift. in , I want to access a WebSocket object inside my ViewController and do socket.disconnect(), so that the socket is disconnecting when my application is going to get shut downed. I already searched the net for quite a bit but nothing seemed to help me in this situation.",Try to add an observer in your view controller:  using callback:  Also I think everything will be disconnected when app terminates,,0,145,1,2,1,1
1021,Eventlisteners not being added in the following js code,I am building a todo app where I am dynamically generating tasks using javascript.[] I generate following equivalent html from js whenever I click on the add button:       Now what I want is whenever I click  event on the task created it should become yellow in colour.I have written the code to this. below.However it works fine only when there is one task created.If there is multiple then the last task works well but actionlistener on the first one does not seem to be working.I am not able to figure out where the code is breaking.       The actual snippet ,"The problem with your code is that everytime you click on "".addbutton"", you're going through all of the "".glyphcolor""s element's in your DOM and adding a new onclick event listener. The last one created will work, but the others will have multiple event listeners repeated (yes, this is possible). So, when you click on an element that has two events telling it to toggle the ""checkglyph1"" class, it will do it twice. And of course, it will not change at all. You can easily see this happening, because all the odd elements in your page must work (they will toggle the class by odd times), while the even ones must not. This can be corrected by adding the event listener directly on the element when you create it on the page. The code below must work fine:  And just small clarifications: you don't need the ""bind"" in your actual code. ",,1,90,1,2,1,1
1022,PyCharm: Refactor-Extract-Method not found via ctrl-shift-a,"First I mark a block of code in PyCharm. Then I want to do ""Refactor: Extract Method"". I type ctrl-shift-a to search over all available actions. I enter ""ref met"" but ""Refactor: Extract Method"" does not get found. I know that I could use ctrl-alt-m, but ctrl-shift-a and ""ref met"" feels more natural for me. How to access ""Refactor: Extract Method"" via ctrl-shift-a? The work-around via ""Refactor this"" and the second pop-up is not a solution.","This seems to be shortened to . On the Mac, I type CMD+SHIFT+a, the search dialog shows up, and all I have to type is  and hit return (that is sufficiently unique in my environment) and up pops the  dialog box.",,0,36,1,2,0,1
1023,What is the best way to get Python auto-completions/intellisense in Vim dynamically?,"I have looked at ,  and . Both  and  require generating the index before we can use it, and  requires loading back and forth before the autocompletion works. However, none of them give the on-the-fly auto-completion working in different , like what  can do.  Would an experienced Python-vimmer let us know please?",Try this: https://github.com/klen/python-mode Dynamic omnicompletion from Rope and many other features.,3.0,9,5472,14,3,1,0
1024,Difference between std::set and std::priority_queue,"Since both  and  (and ) are data containers that store elements and allow you to access them in an ordered fashion, and have same insertion complexity , what are the advantages of using one over the other (or, what kind of situations call for the one or the other?)? While I know that the underlying structures are different, I am not as much interested in the difference in their implementation as I am in the comparison their performance and suitability for various uses. Note: I know about the no-duplicates in a set. That's why I also mentioned  since it has the exactly same behavior as the  but can be used where the data stored is allowed to compare as equal elements. So please, don't comment on single/multiple keys issue.","A priority queue only gives you access to one element in sorted order -- i.e., you can get the highest priority item, and when you remove that, you can get the next highest priority, and so on. A priority queue also allows duplicate elements, so it's more like a multiset than a set. [Edit: As @Tadeusz Kopec pointed out, building a heap is also linear on the number of items in the heap, where building a set is O(N log N) unless it's being built from a sequence that's already ordered (in which case it is also linear).] A set allows you full access in sorted order, so you can, for example, find two elements somewhere in the middle of the set, then traverse in order from one to the other.",25.0,61,21344,51,3,1,0
1025,Using ORDER BY clause inside GROUP_CONCAT function in SQLite,I don't think that I can use  clause  inside the  function.  Does anyone know a tricky way to accomplish this behavior in ? I saw this question before. But I have a complex query . My statement looks like this:   and  is coming from the same table but different columns: I want to preserve the order of the  with :  so if  appears like this   should appear like this ,I have tried this and it make the work  ,1.0,6,6190,-3,3,1,1
1026,Why are the top two containers different sizes?,"The top two containers, containing the picture of beds are of unequal heights but I have set the width and height to be the same. http://justbedroomdesigns.com/ Sorry to ask but I have no clue why they aren't the same height? Edit: confusion in my questions seems apparent. I mean the top two that are side by side, not the two that are in the first column. Thanks",You have a typo in your CSS file  should be ,,-1,41,1,4,0,1
1027,Scanner class in Java5 throw java.lang.NullPointerException,"I am using scanner class in java5, and the following code will throw an exception:  The stacktrace is:  Does anybody knows what caused this exception?","The GCJ Home Page suggest it ""supports most of the 1.4 libraries plus some 1.5 additions. "" Scanner was added in version 1.5 and I suspect you have hit a piece of functionality GCJ doesn't support.  You need to try something different to see what you can get to work. Is there any reason you are not using OpenJDK/Oracle Java 6 or 7? (Please don't say its for performance reasons ;)",,1,456,2,4,1,0
1028,Unexpected T_ELSE on line 9,Snippet of my php file   Line 9 in the file:  Why is this throwing this???,You can't have an  between the  and the . Take it out. ,,-3,68,2,4,1,1
1029,open-uri is not redirecing http to https,"I am using Hpricot and OpenURI to parse webpages and extract URLs from them. When I get a link like ""http:rapidshare.com"", it is not redirecting to https. This is the error I got:  I tried to use the exception handler  but then again I am getting the same error. I tried all the blogs but it is not resolved there also.","See this Ruby bug report for a discussion of why you're experiencing this issue. See this gist for a monkey patch to OpenURI to allow ""unsafe"" redirects.",,12,9608,14,4,1,0
1030,Mongoose.js instance.save() callback not firing," Neither the 'error', or 'no error' are printed to the terminal. What's more the connection.on 'error' doesn't seem to fire either. I have confirmed that MongoDb is running.",this is a case where you are adding the model to the global mongoose object but opening a separate connection  that the models are not part of. Since the model has no connection it cannot save to the db. this is solved either by connecting to mongo on the global mongoose connection:  or by adding your models to your separate connection: ,8.0,25,18401,69,4,1,1
1031,Google Map different color for default marker icon depending on SEVERITY in generated XML,I have generated XML(alarms.xml) in format (example)  Depending on severity different color for default marker needs to be showed:  etc. What do I have to change in this my simple html file? Thanks for help ,"Before you add the marker, set up a custom icon per severity level:  Then add it to the map like this:  This is taken from the excellent Google Maps examples site here:  https://google-developers.appspot.com/maps/documentation/javascript/v2/examples/icon-simple",,0,3659,1,5,1,1
1032,"In jQuery (or Javascript), how do I get the ""topmost"" element?","I have a list of elements (with class ""newsitem""), that are available throughout the page. I want the highest element, that is the element with the lowest ""top"" value from that class.  How do I get in jQuery efficiently, right now I'm working on iterating through the newsitem class, storing the top value and comparing it with the lowest value so far. Is this pretty much the only way to do it or is there an actual method? Thanks! PS: This method is the closest to what I'm doing right now: How to get height of the highest children element in javascript/jQuery? PPS I have a 50% answer rate only because 2 of my questions so far don't have relevant answers.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ",I believe this should work (but i haven't test it yet)  Usage ,,3,1850,3,5,0,1
1033,Single iPhone app to multiple iPhones destibution,"I am developing an iPhone application for car dealers who would register with my website, which will let them add details of their cars and photos and push them into my website. I want to hand them out each an iPhone with the application installed (at least 100 dealers). I want to know whether it is possible to be done using one apple account (since the max limitation is 5 devices to be used with one apple ID). Or please suggest me another alternative for this?  I want this to be done in a proper way so they would be able to receive updates of the application as well. Any help would be greatly appreciated","Using Ad-Hoc Distribution (part of your Apple Developer Program) you can install your app on up to 100 devices. If you sign up for the Enterprise Apple Developer Program, you will no longer have a device limit but will violate the program if you use it to distribute outside your organization. The other option is to publish your app to the App Store and protect it with a username/password so that only car dealers you authorize can access your app.",,0,172,2,6,0,0
1034,Magento - Redirect Customer from Observer Method,"In this event , I want the customer to be redirected to an external web page . For this I am using this code, which is not working at all:-  I have used the """" method on both these variables """" and """", but both of them show me the Shopping Cart page, whereas I want to see this page  instead. What I want:  I don't want to override the Controller Class, just to redirect the Customer, when I can effectively use the Event Observer process. I don't want to use the PHP in-built function """", when Magento framework provides this functionality in an efficient way. ","tl;dr: Correct observer code at the bottom. A note before I answer: Make sure that the observer is being triggered; step through your code or use . As written, your example method does not have the correct prototype to receive event observer data (missing an argument). Using an event observer for redirect logic is totally appropriate in this context, as evinced by the core team explicitly passing the request and response objects in to the observer. Your attempt is good, but I think that you have conditions and configuration which cause execution to flow to , specifically to the line  So we need to revise our approach. Now, you could prevent any request/response logic from processing after your event observer by manipulating the response and calling the Front Controller's  method as demonstrated below (nb: don't do this!):  This should work, but I think it mixes up areas of concern by triggering output from an ethereal system component (EDA). Let's see if there's something in the command-control structure which we can use... Just after the  event execution comes to the cart controller's _goBack() method. The problem with this method name is that it does more than its name implies:  It looks like we can just set a  param on the request object and accomplish what we need.  I've tested this, and it should do the trick!",5.0,8,14491,17,6,1,1
1035,Bootstrap datetimepicker - date based on input value,"I am using Eonasdan/bootstrap-datetimepicker and cannot figure out how to set the initial datetime when the page is loaded based on the input's value attribute. When the page loads, the input is blank even though the field has a value.  JS - ",your date format is not the same as declared in datetimepicker settings object so change the datetimepicker date format:  you can also set the date using setDate() or setLocalDate()   another option is to pass defaultDate when creating datetimepicker ,,1,2880,3,1,1,1
1036,Rails 4.1 ArgumentError in Episodes#new,"Creating an app so users can create podcasts which works but want to allow them to upload individual episode. Created a migration, model, controller   & added a partial form to allow users to add title, description of the episode but when i run this get error ArgumentError in Episodes#new , undefined method `title' for nil:NilClass** extracted source   application trace   db migrate file   episodes controller   _form.html.erb "," ArgumentError in Episodes#new , undefined method `title' for   nil:NilClass  You have a typo,  should be  You have to wrap the  with the correct .",,1,38,4,1,1,1
1037,Programmatically set focus when a control becomes visible,"I have an  which is only shown when I click a button. When the  becomes visible it should also receive focus. I tried many ways but none of them worked. The code I have:  Code Behind:  I tried to put this in code-behind , but the  control only appears and is not focused. ",Sometimes XAML for Windows 10 (and 8.1 RT) behaves oddly. Bringing in a small delay usually fixes it. I've tried to run it through a Task factory and it works on my machine (TM). ,,1,1758,7,1,1,1
1038,SQL query not generating proper results,"I've got 4 tables:  Customers with columns - username, pass, name, etc Books with columns - id, title, author, etc order_details with columns - id_order, id(books id), etc user_order with columns - id_order, username, pass, email, etc  And I want to print out the table with columns order_date, books title, books price, and books quantity which is depicting order history for a particular user in last 3 months I'm using the following SQL query:  but it is giving me more rows than expected and with quantity exceeding than desired output. Can someone please help me in correcting the query?","With your  command, you are getting a date 3 months in the future. Therefore by saying , you are asking for all existing order dates.",,0,37,0,2,1,1
1039,Identify values in column that occur more than once,"Loop through records in CSV and identify values in the first column (i.e., row[0]) which occur at least 4x in dataset (CSV) and print those rows (records). Example of data:  Sample code (which failed) ",myfile.csv  code ,,1,76,0,2,1,1
1040,Adding search by different criteria in c#,"I want to know how to see whether the user selected doctor name or doctor special in the combobox, if the user selects doctor name from the combobox then the first if condition should run, but if the user enters doctor special the second should run. But when i enter doctor name it doesnt work. ","Try to format your code like this.  For  statements, always use  equality operator in C#, like . Single equal sign is used for assignment like . And no  after if(...), it will make the compiler think there is a blank statement, and associate that with the if condition. The block following that will become a normal code block and will execute always! First get this working. Then, make your queries parameterized to minimize sql injection threat as @Steve mentioned in the comment. Refer this msdn article.",,0,58,1,2,1,1
1041,Grails 2.5.0 - Fast lookup of items in collection over a domain,"I have the following code for sending internal messages over the web app: Domain:  What I want to do is enable a User who logs in and is addressed in the ""to"" field to view all the Mails addressed to them. It's easy to do this with the ""from"" field using:  Doing this with the ""to"" field is more difficult, and I'm not sure how to do it and make the lookups fast.","You can use criteria, where, or HQL queries. The HQL query will give you an idea of how the criteria and where queries work at the database level. Criteria  Where  HQL ",0.0,0,97,1,2,1,1
1042,Confirm current power plan via python,"I'm trying to automate checking what the current power plan is and then return a response based on that. Here's what I have:  When I run this I get ""TypeError: argument of type 'int' is not iterable""  Can someone please tell me what I'm doing wrong here? ","subprocess.call returns a code, which means the status code of the executed command. I also recommend you calling subprocess like this:  As I guess you want to get the output in a variable I recommend you using subprocess.check_output which returns a string containing the output of a command:  Then you can do the checking:  Hope it helps,",,1,288,2,2,1,1
1043,Can not change lay-out of dotplot() (lattice package) based on ranef(lmerMod),"We're trying to use dotplot to create a caterpillarplot based on the random effect structure of a  object created by  in the lme4 package. The plot itself is created perfectly fine, but when trying to change the lay-out errors occur. Sample of code without lay-out instructions:  This creates the plot:  We wish to change the title, axis labels and the color palette. For example, to change the title, the usual syntax would be  This throws the error:  Error in if (main) nx : argument is not interpretable as logical  We've been unable to get around this error. Everywhere we looked, this should work for any dotplot usage. Can anyone shed some light? P.S.: We're using  over  due to some irregularities in extracting the random effect structure into a data frame as would be suggested here: ggCaterpillar. The function specified throws a NULL due to:  We've also tried other routes for extracting the variance/covariance matrix to adapt the function, but felt that dotplot was the easier route after fumbling for a day.",You can not here without changing the code. Looking at the source code of the S3 method  for  class:  You can not set the titles suing arguments. If you look in the function in some line it is written explicitly:  where nx is the names(x)( your ranef object). So if you do  somthing like :  the plot title will change. But this is a hack. Better here to change the code of the function and customize it as you like.,,2,436,2,2,1,1
1044,Update calendar from google spreadsheet,"I would like to update my calendar from a spreadsheet: I tried the following:  However, I get the following error:  The following spreadsheet is used: Link to spreadsheet Any suggestions, what I am doing wrong? I appreciate your replies!","Short answer: You are passing the calendar's name to  so it is returning .  Change ""TestCalendar"" to the ID of the calendar or use . I will walk you through this the way I read it so you can see one way to  debug this. This error is telling you that your  variable is  on the last line  where you call .  This means that your earlier statement  is returning .  Googling the Google Calendar API for this function I see that you are using the correct syntax for  but the string argument you are passing appears to be the calendar's name and not the ID.",,0,91,2,2,1,1
1045,How to center an image between two columns in CSS?,"I have this html:  I want my text to be dinamically divided into two columns, so I'm using the  property:  I also want to center the image between the two columns, in width and height, so that I obtain this effect:  How would you accomplish the task? Is it possible to get the job done with css only? If not, is there a way to do it with javascript, keeping the  property?","There is no simply way to do this. However, you can ""fake"" the wrapping effect by using pseudo-elements.       ",3.0,8,1555,2,2,1,1
1046,Construct flat array from tree of objects,"Suppose I have a tree of objects like the following, perhaps created using the excellent algorithm found here: https://stackoverflow.com/a/22367819/3123195  (Specifically in this example, the array returned by that function is nested as the  array property inside an otherwise empty object.) How would I convert it back to a flat array?","This function will do the job, plus it adds a level indicator to each object. Immediate children of treeObj will be level 1, their children will be level 2, etc. The  properties are updated as well.  This solution takes advantage of Angular's  function to perform a copy of the child object. Wiring this up with any other library's equivalent method or a native function should be a trivial change. The output given for the above example would be:  It is also worth noting that this function does not guarantee the array will be ordered by ; it will be based on the order in which the individual objects were encountered during the operation. Fiddle!",1.0,6,7398,3,2,1,1
1047,"Using ""or"" in expressions in filter, angularJS","From the docs: Object: A pattern object can be used to filter specific properties on objects contained by array. For example {name:""M"", phone:""1""} predicate will return an array of items which have property name containing ""M"" and property phone containing ""1"". Is it possible to return an array which containg property name: ""M"" OR phone: 1? Or do I have to write a custom filter for this?  The above code filters where both properties has to be true (&&). I want it to filter if any of them are true (||).","I believe that, for that, you should define your own filter that handles 'or' expressions as parameters. Here's an example I did for you: http://plnkr.co/edit/qwJm2fy6JmdWYG2yR2it?p=preview  The name of the filter is 'orArray' and receives two things:  The list of elements you want to filter A JSON with the properties you want to filter by, specified by   EDIT: I added the inline filter to the plnkr ",,0,69,1,1,1,1
1048,Optical Character Recognition Development,"I have been trying to develop an OCR engine by myself. After researching the topic a bit I have come to the conclusion that there are 4 major steps involved :  Pre-processing the image [de-skewing, image contrast, binarize, etc.] Segment the image into the characters [to make it easier to process each character individually] Identify the chracter through feature extraction / comparison and classification. Post-processing the image [to increase the chances of getting an optimal solution.]  I am hopelessly lost after the 1st step! Can somebody please help me out by telling how to perform character segregation & feature extraction ? I'll be extremely grateful even if you  can provide me a link which points me in the right direction. Thanks in advance! :)",There is a paper called self-tuning spectral clustering by Zelnik-Manor and Perona. Here is the link to their page for paper and code written in Matlab: Self-Tuning Spectral Clustering This method can perform image segmentation. Another thing you may want to look into is topic-modeling on images for feature extraction. Anything by Blei will also be useful.,,1,798,1,1,0,0
1049,Make eclipse editor only accessible from another editor,"I have the following two editors (as two seperate plugins): (1) textual editor (2) graphical editor to edit information related to the content in (1) Now I would like to achieve that editor (2) can only be opened from a context menu in editor (1). That means, editor (2) should not appear in the ""open with"" context menu when clicking on a file.  Is that possible?",Editors only appear in the  context menu if they are associated with a file content type in the  extension point which defines the editor. The association is done either by specifying the  attribute or using a . So if you don't specify a content type association the editor can only be open programmatically and won't appear in .,,1,11,2,1,0,1
1050,How to validate response with dredd?,I'm trying to check my api implementation with my documentation written in blueprint. I've expected that dredd will fail when json returned from server will be different than specified in documentation. To check this I've copied dredd-example. First I've run dredd with original apib file to make sure that all is green. Then I've modified response in documentation and expected dredd to show me some red... But it doesn't.... it looks like tool is only checking response headers but not the response body. Here is output from console:  Can I check response body using dredd? And how can I do this?,"In JSON bodies Dredd is checking only for keys not for values. When you change key in the expected JSON body document, it will definitely fails. ",,1,1291,2,1,1,0
1051,My text file will not read into the array,"THIS HAS BEEN ANSWERED.  I am relatively new to C# and am experiencing a problem. My program keeps throwing an error per my try catch. I have looked over everything and changed things, but nothing seems to work. The error is being thrown on line 49 (where the while loop for reading the text file takes place). Does anyone have any idea what could be the issue?? I know there may be some other issues with the min/max/average, but I can figure that out. I just really need someone to help me fix the reading of the file into the array. The error code is: Input string is not in correct format. at System.Number.StringToNumber     using System.Collections.Generic;     using System.ComponentModel;     using System.Data;     using System.Drawing;     using System.Linq;     using System.Text;     using System.Windows.Forms;     using System.IO;  }",I think the issue is that you are using int.Parse instead of double.Parse.,0.0,-1,235,2,1,1,0
1052,Java scanner input into array,"I'm wanting to put the input of a scanner into my array but I am getting the error:  my code:  I cannot use loops or conditionals (task) so is an array viable for this? or should I just use variables, only reason I want to use an array is because I want to do some string manipulation afterwards which can be a little awkward with variables","Since you are getting three inputs, i'd suggest. Change it to . This is because, Arrays need to be initialized before they are used. Since you have initialiazed with no values. There will not be any index in it. So, when you access the index , you are getting . Hope it clarifies!",,0,137,3,1,1,1
1053,Fate of an ADO.Net Transaction when connection is suddenly broken,"Consider the sample code below.  If the connection to the database is suddenly broken when on STEP 2 (i.e. 2nd command), then even if we try to rollback the transaction it will not rollback since there is no connection to the database server. In such a case, what happens to the transaction object on the database server side? Will it remain in a waiting mode? I have had this situation come up when I tried to run a long transaction in ADO.Net by connecting to database servers through a VPN connection.  }","A connection abort will trigger rollback of any pending transaction. See Controlling Transactions:  If the client's network connection to an instance of the Database Engine is broken, any outstanding transactions for the connection are rolled back when the network notifies the instance of the break ",,3,711,3,1,1,0
1054,Setup and use a cookie-based session in Pedestal,"I'd appreciate a basic Pedestal example of how to (1) setup cookies that survive server restarts and (2) use cookie-based sessions; in particular how to get and set values. I'm a little surprised not to find an example that uses  (source code here: https://github.com/ring-clojure/ring/blob/master/ring-core/src/ring/middleware/session.clj). Setup According to this Pedestal sample code for using Ring middleware, there are two key things to add to your . First, define the session interceptor:  The sample code has this caveat, however:  In this example code we do not specify the secret with which the   session data is encrypted prior to being sent back to the   browser. This has two consequences, the first being that we need to   use the same interceptor instance throughout the service so that the   session data is readable and writable to all paths. The second   consequence is that session data will become unrecoverable when the   server process is ended. Even though the browser retains the   cookie, it is not unrecoverable cipher-text and the session   interceptor will treat it as non-existent.  How do I overcome the above limitations? And, second, add the  to your routes (the following is my example code):  Use (Get and Set) I know that the setup steps above cause the Ring middleware to add a  key to the request map.  So getting is easy: . But how and where do I add to the session? An example would be appreciated.","For now, to answer some of my questions: Specifying a key means that the cookie-backed sessions will be re-readable after a server restart, as mentioned by Compojure/Ring: Why doesn't a session with cookie-store survive a server restart?. Here is some code that shows how:  When it comes to changing the value of a session:  “To set the value of :session, just pass it along with your response. If you don’t need the session changed, leave :session out of your response. If you want to actually clear the session, pass nil as the value of the :session key.” (from: Luke VanderHart and Ryan Neufeld. “Clojure Cookbook.”) ",2.0,5,1282,5,1,1,1
1055,Django: How to provide context into a FormView get() method (also using request param),"I'm trying to provide some additional context into the get() method in my FormView. I need get() because I need to run some logic first, check for a potential redirect. I also need access to the request object (because I need to check session data). Can't figure out how to do it. Simplified code below.. Attempt 1:  No errors, but context does not come through in the template. Attempt 2:  Getting  P.S. This work relates to a workaround Django's buggy messages middleware which seems to be working locally flawlessly but on live (Heroku) is not 100% reliable, renders on some pages only. Ugh, frustration setting in...",Ditch the  argument to the  method. You should also use the dispatch method to check if the user is logged in. ,,3,6385,9,1,1,1
1056,How to enable auto-align in Sublime Text 3?,"I want to auto-align my code to make it easier to read, in a click. I'm working on Sublime Text 3 and want to know about a method through which I can enable suto-indent of the code in just a click.","In the title bar, go to Preferences > Key Bindings, then add this binding to ""Key Bindings - User"" file.  Now whenever you want to auto-align your code, just highlight the desired code and press  Source: https://coderwall.com/p/7yxpdw/auto-indenting-on-sublime-text-3",2.0,5,15312,15,0,0,1
1057,Java subclassing: what is the method that will get triggered?,I'm studying Java and I was given the following code:  I had to write what would be the result of the calls in main function. As you can see I got most answers wrong. What I'm trying to understand is how can I determine what class function is called when I have a variable of the type of the superclass that is created with the constructor of a subclass?,"In order to answer questions of this kind, you need to consider three things:  What is run-time type of the object on which you call the method? What is compile-time type of method's argument? Would there be errors in argument conversions, if any?  To answer (1) look at the right side of the declaration:  and  are of type , while  is of type . To answer (2) look at the left side of the declaration:  is an ,  is a , and  is an . To answer (3), look for casts, and compare to the type from part (1). Converting a subclass to a base class is allowed, as in . However, converting between siblings, as in , causes compile-time errors when compile-time type lets you determine that you are converting a sibling, or run-time errors when compile-time type is of a parent. Once you have answers to (1) and (2), and eliminated errors caused by (3), you need to look at the source code, and pick method overload of the class from (1) that matches the type of the class from (2).",,1,33,0,1,1,1
1058,How to merge multiple Eloquent relations?,"I am using Laravel 5.4 to return tasks that a person has created or is managing. The code is as follow:  This function is expected to return an object of type . I tried these two attempts, but NONE of them returns the required type:  2nd attempt using query builder:  Is it possible to merge these two relations and return the result as  type?",I guess it's not possible (for now). ,,1,1098,0,1,1,0
1059,Connect Electron desktop app with hardware,"if I develop app desktop with Electron (atom). This app can connect with hardware, example barcode readers? How to? electron.atom.io","Don't know about 'other' hardware but ""most"" barcode readers need nothing but drivers on the OS, you will see they 'type' the code in your 'input' element :)",,1,162,0,1,0,0
1060,I want 3 toolbars floating on each side and bottom of the screen and SVG should take rest of the space. How to model this?, I want a full screen page without scrolling. The page should take out the entire screen with 3 toolbars ( 2 on both sides of the screen and a bottom toolbar ). how can i set svg dimensions?. Help please.,"In your CSS you could try using ""calc()"". As an example:  Where: Top bar = 50px, Bottom bar = 40px, Left bar = 20px, and Right bar = 10px Should note that this method will only work if you know the dimensions of each bar, otherwise you could just use ""height: (a number)vh; width: (a number)vw;"" where (a number) is a number between 0 - 100 and represents a percentage of the screen size (i.e. where 100vh is 100% screen height, 40vw is 40% screen width)",,-6,34,0,1,0,1
1061,format flare.jason from existing json,I am formatting regular json data to a flare format for a chart I am working on and ran into an issue creating the children. I have a fiddle of my current work and was hoping someone could spot what I missed.  not working I only get it to return this [no children]:   ],"Since you are using d3, you can use d3.nest to get a hierarchical structure from an array. Here is a snippet based on your code:  Working demo ",,0,72,0,1,1,1
1062,Regex to catch non-sense words with some rules in spanish,"I've tried a lot of very unsuccesful patterns and I can't get the real thing. The following attempt is INCOMPLETE, I'm not looking for an improvement, just a real solution for this scenario. I'm trying to detect (return true if match) on C# (.NET 2017) the following pattern/rules:  Insensitive match If one word on the string returns  to the pattern, all the string returns  Vowels are:  Words without any vowel, return   Except if the word contains one or more digits, or if applies to the following case.  Words with more than 3 not-vowels return   Digits are counted as not-vowel in this case. Exception to this rule, that the found pattern are: ,,,,,,,,   Words must not contain more than 2 same letters consecutives except for: ,,,,,,,,  Words must not contain more than 3 same letters consecutives, without exception.   My C# code is the sample one:  My regular expressions so far (not working properly):  Any suggest or any help will be preciated. The main idea is lower the performance in regex, so I assume that one pattern is my goal instead loop every word for different patterns. Update: Examples to find and exclude: ","It's not that it's really hard to do, but the description is not worded sufficiently to disambiguate.    Here is my attempt.      Comments   ",1.0,0,67,1,1,1,1
1063,How to convert AES_encrypt in counter mode to EVP interfaces?,I'm in the process of coding some stuff around common-encryption which require AES Ctr 128. So I'm digging a bit with crypto stuff. Currently I test a code (find here) which work (encrypt/decrypt a file):  This work well. But It seems that the standard is to to use EVP functions now with openssl. So I try to adapt my code but something is clearly wrong with my implementations. I don't understand on how properly update/increment the IV vector. Here my new code with EVP (work but not increment/counter):  Any help appreciated. Thank you.,"OK I think I got it. I will copy here my two program example: AES_CTR_128 (without EVP) :  Everything classic as in another example.  The IV(or nonce) is constant to make the debugging easier (don't do that). And below my code with EVP:  So I basically copy the AES_ctr_encrypt function to use EVP, and adapt it.  It work for me, as I can use both implementation to encrypt/decrypt the same program.  Comments are welcome. Questions remain that what do the aes_ctr_128 in EVP ? and how to use it? I think I have reinvented the wheel.",,2,959,1,1,1,1
1064,Can you access TFS 2017 build definition through the database?,"I had a few TFS 2017 build definitions created at one point, and through some messing around with the install and databases, I have lost access to those definitions.  They don't show up anywhere in the web portal.  I also can't restore and attach the project collection that was associated with them, though I do have an actual SQL backup of the project collection database. So, is there a way to query either the Tfs_Configuration, Tfs_Warehouse, or the Tfs_projectcollection databases to retrieve build definition information?   If not, I will end up recreating them, but just curious if there was some other way.","Recommend you to recreate them if the definitions are simple ones, that will not spend much time. But if they are complicated ones, you can restore the backup database in another sql instance, query out the missing build definitions, then insert the definitions to current table [Tfs_DefaultCollection].[Build].[tbl_Definition].  (Make sure backup the databases before doing this in case meet any problems.) Just select a row and copy (right click > copy in sql server) from the queried definitions, you need to do additional actions to add the ' ', for each value. Then insert into the values something like this:  If you have lots of definitions need to be done, you can also try to merge database, please refer to below link for details: http://byalexblog.net/merge-sql-databases",,0,315,1,1,0,1
1065,how to have ajax call simultaneously?,"A few times a day, when our website is busy, we have more than 1000 requests per second on our database.  During these busy times, when a user clicks on an element and makes an AJAX call and then clicks another element and makes another AJAX call, the second call will wait for the response of the first call. How can I have this AJAX calls run simultaneously? Is this time space between two calls because of the server being busy? If yes, how can we handle simultaneous AJAX calls?","I had similar problem as you do in the past. Then it was open session on server side. Even if ajax call was async, then it have to wait for server because of lock on session file.  Try to close session write when you do not write anything and then, check you ajax again. Here you have reference to proper method: session_write_close",,0,50,1,1,0,0
1066,How can I to show message from specified clicked spoiler with just CSS?,"I have some spoilers and I need to display the contents of the spoiler after clicking the corresponding button  Here is the problem that when I press a first spoiler, always shows the contents of the first.  I think to add an id to each spoiler, but I do not know if CSS supports this. ","Only using css, I think every single one having id might be the only way to go.        main modification (css):   to   to ",,1,200,2,1,1,1
1067,Use LINQ to join 2 objects for each of its properties,"I have created 2 models to store the results of an sql query. Now I would like to join them for each of the week's...  to get a new Object in which I would have all the data from the 1st model, as well as map data from the ""Category"" Model to it.  I created a new Model for it, but I am not sure how to write a linq query First Model:   Second Model:  New Model for end result: ",This should work: ,,-1,61,3,1,1,1
1068,Concate multiple files into pandas dataframe,I am trying to import multiple files between two dates into a Pandas DataFrame. But the resulting dataframe has multiple copys of the data instead of one copy. My code looks like this:  If I have files like this:  The resulting dataframe looks like this:  What I want is this:  How can I create the wanted dataframe?,You can use drop_duplicates:  output :  ,,1,37,3,1,1,1
1069,the value of a comparison expression in perl,"I'm rather confused about the value of a comparison expression in perl：  I get the following results：  So, why the result of ""1>2"" is empty ? The book tells me that ""$a>$b"" is 0 or 1 .","Ok, grab yourself a coffee, as it's time to go down the rabbit hole of perl and dualvars. The thing that's happening here is - perl does some magic with 'boolean' values results.  As you may know - in perl ""false"" is (pretty much) anything that evaluates to zero or an empty string.  So  is false, but so is  (and a bunch of other things). Perl usually infers from context, and the magic 'just works'.  But... what about printing the result of your boolean? Well, as it turns out, because it could be either ""empty string"" or ""0"" perl creates a dualvar.  This is specifically a thing that has both values.  If you tried these operations on a normal value:  You would get   You can replicate this magic, using :  Mostly you won't need to though - this is something that can do really odd things if you meddle too much. But often 'results' are dualvars, such as  and .   This prints:  In the context of your question - it's because either empty string or zero are 'false' and perl doesn't know what kind of 'false' you'll be needing. So it gives you both.  And because you're doing a  perl decides that you're using strings now, and uses the string part of the dual var - the empty string.  You could instead do:  Adding zero forces a switch to 'numeric' and gives you:  But the long and short of it really is - don't do what you're doing, it's bad style. If you need a particular value if something is false - then spell out what that value is. There's nothing wrong with:  Or: ",,1,84,4,1,1,1
1070,Proving equality between instances of dependent types,"When attempting to formalize the class which corresponds to an algebraic structure (for example the class of all monoids), a natural design is to create a type  as a product type which models all the required fields (an element , an operator , proofs that the monoid laws are satisfied etc.). In doing so, we are creating a map .  A possible drawback of this approach is that given a monoid  (a monoid with support type ) and   (a monoid wih support type ), we cannot even write the equality  (let alone prove it) because it is ill-typed. An alternative design would be to create a type  where the support type is just another field , so that given , it is always meaningful to ask whether . Somehow, one would like to argue that if  and  have the same supports () and the operators are equals (, which may be achieved thanks to some extensional equality axiom), and that the proof fields do not matter (because we have some proof irrelevance axiom) etc. , then . Unfortunately, we can't event express the equality  because it is ill-typed...  To simplify the problem, suppose we have:  I would like to have results of the form:  This statement is ill-typed so we can't have it.  I may have axioms allowing me to prove that two types  and  are same, and I may be able to show that  and  are indeed the same too, but I want to have a tool allowing me to conclude that . Any suggestion is welcome. ","A low-tech way to prove this is to insert a manual type-cast, using the provided equality. That is, instead of having an assumption , you have an assumption . Below I explicitly write the cast as a match, but you could also make it look nicer by defining a function to do it.  There is a nicer way to hide most of this machinery by using ""heterogenous equality"", also known as JMeq. I recommend the Equality chapter of CPDT for a detailed introduction. Your example becomes  In general, although this particular theorem can be proved without axioms, if you do the formalization in this style you are likely to encounter goals that can not be proven in Coq without axioms about equality. In particular, injectivity for this kind of dependent records is not provable. The JMEq library will automatically use an axiom  about heterogeneous equality, which makes it quite convenient.",,2,205,4,0,1,1
1071,Repeated data in html table,"I am struggling with  in  for a bit complex (for a beginner like me) table. Data I have is:  And the table should look something like:  What I've tried:  But the issue here is that I am not sure how to repeat all maps here, because now all I can do is exclusively repeat just  but not all the array elements (i/e/ all maps).","The problem here is not really an Angular problem, but rather a problem in how you can loop to the data from the array into a table that is not shapped the same way.  The products are also not an array, but a list of properties on an object.   Se also https://docs.angularjs.org/api/ng/directive/ngRepeat Example: http://jsbin.com/kedezup/3/edit?html,js,output",,1,691,4,0,1,1
1072,Producing multiple joins with sqlalchemy statement and expression api,Consider you have the following sql to represent:  Now having the orm models as below:  When doing simple join like:  Will yield eqvivalent expression to above original sql.   However if I want to do something like:  By writing:  This yield an error saying something like:  Any idea what is wrong with my syntax for using of two joins? The explanation of how using one  is here.,By subquerying a join you can achieve a multiple join : ,,1,1339,5,0,1,1
1073,Padding and assigning a std::string in c++,"Newbie question. How do I pad a  in c++ and then assign the padded result to a variable? I was looking at  and , but all examples I saw output the result with . For instance:  I wanted something in the lines of:  Are there std functions to accomplish this or do I have to roll my own?",You could use ostringstream with the same format specifiers as for std::cout.  And then ,,2,2664,6,0,1,1
1074,Laravel Array & JSON Casting to Algolia,"I am trying to send some data along to Algolia through the toSearchableArray. Any strings I have stored in my DB are sending along fine, but I hit a roadblock when trying to push nested JSON data along—the information is being sent as a string with characters escaped. This is a sample of the nested object that I am storing in my table (MySQL with a JSON data type):  My model looks like this:  I get an output that looks like this:  As you can see, the 'subjects' attribute is being stored as a string. I know there is attribute casting in 5.5 (I am running 5.5), but I am not too clear on how I would implement the example they have for Array & JSON Casting in my work above. https://laravel.com/docs/5.5/eloquent-mutators#attribute-casting Would anyone be willing to show me an example?","I'd rely on Attribute Casting for this, add a  property in your model and it will be done automatically.  You can also do it manually in your toSearchableArray method with  I answered with more details on this other posts: https://discourse.algolia.com/t/laravel-array-json-casting-to-algolia/4125/2",,0,845,11,0,1,1
1075,How to update a tab layout before switching to another tabs,"I'm working on a project that has tab fragments in android. They are A,B,C and D.So the problem comes when I click tab B there is a button called ""like"" when this button direct to another activity. There we can like or unlike friends. When the back button clicked on that activity the tab B fragment should be updated automatically. I referred so much in the internet but couldn't find a suitable answer to me.  I'm very new to android so I'm asking for your help thanks.. I use this code onResume  ",Did you try  for ViewPager on Call of ,,1,106,1,1,1,1
1076,MethodValidationPostProcessor causes further validation failure,"I'm trying to add Spring Cloud Consul into an existing Spring Boot app with spring validation enabled. It's all good until I run the app, and it fails on the validation of a properties bean annotated with  As far as I got it, here's what happens:   creates a proxy for the properties bean  kicks in and tries to validate the proxy fields and fails with the following:   Here is a minimum project reproducing the issue: https://github.com/bashnesnos/cas-spring-cloud-consul-issue Questions:  If anyone know any work-around to avoid  for a particular bean?  P.S. I've created a ticket for Spring as well https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-boot/issues/11249, but I guess it might easier to ask for a work-around in community.",Your CustomBeanValidationProcessor could implement Ordered. Then you can change the order so it gets invoked earlier.  ,,1,426,1,1,1,1
1077,vector animation for web library,"just wondering around google and could not find a really convincing method (yet) to make an animation web page using my own vector image. I really love to draw and would like my self to go deeper and making an interactive web page (flashless) using my own vector drawing.  I am already have a good understanding about javascript, html and css so if any of you could suggest a mature and well documented library to use as a base for my project that would be awesome. Maybe a little pro cons insight using javascript vs css for web animation will also be good for other newbie like me in the future as a consideration before I dip my toe to the sea.","Fabric.js seems to encompass many modern features of browsers using the canvas. Check it out, I know it supports SVG. http://fabricjs.com/",,1,74,0,1,0,0
1078,Adding bootstrap popover not working,"In my code I am setting the HTML content of my table, and I want to show popover on hover over each cell of table.I am using bootstrap for this. in javascript:  showpopover function:  But , when I hover over the cell, it doesnt show any popover. Am I using 'this' wrongly in showpopover function?",Here is the working Fiddle Hope it helps you! ,,0,93,0,1,1,1
1079,Print unicode string to console OK but fails when redirect to a file. How to fix?,"I have Python 2.7.1 on a Simplified-Chinese version of Windows XP, and I have a program like this(windows_prn_utf8.py):  If I run it on Windows CMD console, it output the right Chinese character '电' ; however, if I try to redirect the command output to a file. I got error.  I realize there is a missing link here. There should be a way to determine, in case 1.txt is generated, whether the unicode character in 1.txt should be encoded in utf-8 or codepage-936 or other encodings.  Then how to fix it? My preference is to have utf-8 encoding in 1.txt . Thank you. ",Set  environmental variable. ,,1,1994,1,1,1,1
1080,http:// vs http://www: Should I use subdomain or permanent redirect,"As far as I can work out,  is technically a subdomain of . Is it better to have  as a separate subdomain (pointing at the same content), or is it better to do a perminent redirect of all traffic from  to  (or visa versa)? Excuse my ignorance, but the reason I ask is that I'm worried that having two locations online (one with the www, one without), could cause problems with SEO, cookies, analytics etc.  Thanks! G","Yes, if it is the same content, then give it a single URI; and redirect example.com -> www.example.com not the other way around (www. is the convention and is where systems will most likely look first). If you host on both urls, then Spiders and other bots may be smart enough to realize that it is the same, but why rely on it when a simple redirect ensures they know? This also means a slightly simple web server setup (only hosting a single domain) and will be easier down the road if you do things like enable ssl or load balancing. The only (arguable) downside to redirects is that it will mean an additional http request if the user gets it wrong.",1.0,1,76,1,1,1,0
1081,iOS MapKit userlocation without initializing the map,"Is it possible to get the users current location, using MapKit or something else, without using the map? Say I just wanted to show the user their current lat/lng, but without the map. When they move the lat/lng updates.","This is exactly the purpose of CoreLocation.framework. At this address http://developer.apple.com/library/ios/#documentation/userexperience/conceptual/LocationAwarenessPG/CoreLocation/CoreLocation.html you can find some nice information on how to get the user's location or you can google ""CoreLocation"" and find a lot of tutorial.",,0,92,1,1,0,0
1082,Hotkey for temporary turning off variable usage highlight in Netbeans,"After my cursor/carret is placed on a variable, its usage in the code is highlighted automatically as in the snapshot below. It distracts me. I want to temporary turn it off. I search for this and got the similar issue here but it relates to the . I'm looking for turning it off for . What is the hotkey to temporary turn off highlight for variable usage? ","From checking the keymap and doing a quick web search, there doesn't currently seem to be a hotkey. However, you can toggle it in the options: (7.0) Tools -> Options -> Editor -> Mark Occurrences. To get a hotkey for this, you can request it or implement it yourself.",,0,60,1,1,1,0
1083,Learn Android Development (Have experience),I have been developing for iOS for at least 3 years and have at least 1 year of experience for Java. For a long time I have been thinking to develop for Android but I do not know which book or course I should start. Any suggestions? P.S I already downloaded Android SDK and eclipse.,i think this is the best video tutorial to start with http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SUOWNXGRc6g&list=PL33384E9848C4F55E,,0,285,1,1,0,0
1084,php - fwrite edit from line X to line X,"I created a calendar with its data stored in a text file. For the moment, I can only edit one line/day at the same time, but I would like to edit many days (same content from sept 15th to sept 19th for example). How to do this ? My text file with the data looks like this (with $id going from 1 to 31) and $exp is the content I edit.  And the php file allowing the editing looks like this: ","Change   to:  where  and  contain 15 and 19 in your example. BTW, you can use  to read the line and split it into columns in one step, and then  to write it back that way.",,1,131,1,1,1,1
1085,Updating a dataset and displaying it back to datagridview,"I found a way on MDSN to update a dataset and display it back to the datagridview. Almost like refreshing the datagridview. However I'm hoping to find a way to do this with an oledpdataadapter. Here is the code I found below to fill the datagridview with the updated contents, there has to be a way to do this same thing with the oledbdataadapter.  ",Here are the properties and methods of the OleDbDataAdapter Class. You may be able to do something like this: ,,0,90,1,1,1,1
1086,How to prevent signup again into a system,"I have created a signup form and I want to prevent the same user signup to the system again and again. Here is my code and please help me to solve this problem. In the initial sign up only username password and email is considered and after signing to the system user can update their information such as name, gender, education etc:.... ",Before  you run a query to check if the email id or/and username already exist in your database. it would be something like this  check if the result returned is empty or does it contains some rows. If it is empty continue with registering the user otherwise tell the user that he has already reistered and he can not register again.,,0,59,2,1,1,1
1087,How do I find the HTML file that shows the sub navigation on profile page in Buddypress?,"check this out !(http://d3u3luhfiauvsc.cloudfront.net/hello.png) I need to find the php/html file  that shows the submenus on the screenshot under the blue tabs ""personal"",""mentions"",""favourites"".... (on the pic)  I just want to find the php or html file that triggers it.",Frisco inherits lots of files from BP Default. Look in this file:  This function   returns that menu.,,-1,551,2,1,1,1
1088,jooq schema not beeing added to my SQL,"I am trying to use jooq as a SQL generator only, but I cannot seem to get the Schema information to be added to my query:  the SQL generated is: 2013-08-12 17:52:12,008 [INFO] [main] c.j.i.x.c.i.SimpleJDBCReportService[67] : Generated SQL : select ""User Id"" ""User_ID"", ""User_Name"" ""Full_Name"", ""Active Status"" ""Active_Status"", ""Email"" ""Email"", ""Last Login Time"" ""Last_Login_Time"", ""Role"" ""Role6"", ""ID_ROLE"" ""Role_Id"", ""Business Group"" ""Business_Group"", ""Menu Template"" ""Menu_Template"" from ""REP"" according to the documentation present on http://www.jooq.org/doc/2.5/manual-single-page/#runtime-schema-mapping i should see something like: MySchema.""User Id"" ... MySchema.REP I am using version 3.1, any assistance is greatly appreciated Thanks,"," may imply that this schema name is added to every table and column, but that's not the case. The default schema is used to omit rendering of a ""default"" schema name, in case you're using generated tables and column objects. In other words, if you set up your connection to have a default schema, you can tell jOOQ that it doesn't need to render that schema any more. While I can see some potential in generically adding schema names through jOOQ's exposed SPIs, I'm not sure if that's so easy to do, if you're not using the code generator. The simplest solution is to just qualify your table reference:  ",,1,811,2,1,1,1
1089,Paperclip displaying multiple file uploads,"I have multiple files being uploaded using Paperclip, but I am having trouble displaying them.  Here is what I'm trying: Model(s):  Part of my controller:  Part of my form where I store images:  And my show:  I'm getting the same file over and over, every time I upload (even if it's a different file).  Can anyone assist me with this issue?","You're iterating, but running the same code for each attachment link. Using canonical Ruby, it would be closer to: ",,1,106,2,1,1,1
1090,HTML list drill down on JSON array with CSS target selector,In my html file I have a list that I build dynamically from JSON array. I display in each list item only one field of each object (the title). I want to do a drill down when I click on a list item. I saw this article where the dialog implemented without javascript. How can I pass the index of the JSON object from the array with css  or in some othe way? (The purpose is to show a dialog with all object field),"Try to put in your html not only the ""title"" field, but also some Id or any unique field in a hidden input. So you could get it with ""onclick"" and get the object from JSON.",,0,302,2,1,1,0
1091,composer error : 'does not contain valid JS',I am trying to install zendframework2 via Composer on my command line.  the composer command is (taken from Zendframework page)   I received the following message:   Does anyone have any ideas how I can correct this error?,"I think there is something wrong with that repository, try this:  Notice that the --repository-url has been set to https://packagist.org/ and also there is a  -s dev options. Finally be sure to change path/to/install to the right place.",,1,472,2,1,1,1
1092,How to download files from web2py server,"When I wanted to allow someone to download some file from my server using apache, I just copied file to  /var/www folder and sent link to that person. How do I do same thing using apache+web2py configuration? I don't need any fancy security. I just want direct link to file. I tried to google solution, but every solution I found is too complicated for such goal as I'm trying to achieve (i.e. streaming files). There is no easy way to do it?","If you just want to put some files in a folder and serve them directly, you can do that with just apache -- no need for web2py. If you really want web2py to serve the files, you can put them in /web2py/applications/yourapp/static/path/to/file, and serve them with URLs like /yourapp/static/path/to/file. If you want to apply some authentication checks, you can instead put files in the /uploads or /private folder of your web2py app and serve them via a function that calls  (in the case of file uploads based on database ""upload"" fields) or  (in the case of files you manually place on the server).",,0,2280,3,1,0,1
1093,Which Page Load events map to Google Analytics DOM Timings,"Google's documentation is a little unclear to me, and I can't find anything more explicit in terms of Google Analytics' DOM Timings: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/2383341?hl=en  Avg. Document Interactive Time: The average time (in seconds) that the browser takes to parse the document (DOMInteractive), including the network time from the user's location to your server. At this time, the user can interact with the Document Object Model even though it is not fully loaded. Avg. Document Content Loaded Time: The average time (in seconds) that the browser takes to parse the document and execute deferred and parser-inserted scripts (DOMContentLoaded), including the network time from the user's location to your server. Parsing of the document is finished, the Document Object Model is ready, but referenced style sheets, images, and subframes may not be finished loading. This event is often the starting point for javascript framework execution, e.g., JQuery's onready() callback, etc. Avg Page Load Time: The average amount of time (in seconds) it takes that page to load, from initiation of the pageview (e.g., click on a page link) to load completion in the browser.   My Questions are: 1) Does the Avg. Page Load Time correspond with the $(window).load() event? 2) Does the Avg. Document Content Loaded Time correspond with the $(document).ready() event?  3) What event, if any, does the Avg. Document Interactive Time correspond with?","1) Yes. (But $(window).load() has been deprecated in jQuery, use $(""selector"").on(""load"", function() {});) instead. 2) Yes. (They both refer to the same readyStade property of the Document object) 3) The ""Avg. Document Interactive Time"" corresponds to the readyState property of the document object. There is no corresponding event in jQuery for this but it refers to the time when the user can interact with the DOM. ",,2,975,3,1,0,0
1094,admob with multiple framgents,I have a question about admob. I have an activity with 3 fragments.I have a button on each fragment to go to the next fragment. Fragment 1 -> Fragment 2 -> Fragment 3 Can i have different ads on each fragment? I mean I want to have a banner on  Fragment1 and Fragment2 and an interstitial ad on Fragment3.  I know I can only have one ad per activity. Does it mean that what I want to do is violate the admobs rule? Thanks,"The AdMob publisher guideline has the following about the number of ads per page:  Number of ads per page The number of ads on a single screen should not exceed one if the ad is fixed to the screen top or screen bottom. If the page scrolls, only one ad should be visible on screen at a time.  As can be seen, there is no restriction as to the number of ads per , only that at any point of time, a single screen should not have more than one ad.  So, if your fragments get replaced by each other, and at any point of time only one ad is present on the screen, you can have different ads in these fragments. You also have to consider the different layouts that you present (for example, if all the fragments are shown at a time in a single screen in the tablet layout, you need to take care that only one ad is visible).",,2,996,4,1,0,1
1095,Use unregister_chrdev_region in case registration failed,"I am learning how to write kernel drivers, and I have a doubt about the proper  usage of the function unregister_chrdev_region. Right now I have a simple test module with just the init and  exit functions:  My question: is it safe to call unregister_chrdev_region if the registration failed ? I would assume no, but pretty much all example code that I have seen calls unregister_chrdev_region no matter what happened during the initialization.","Registration rarely fails. If registration fails, init function fails, thus insmod command will not succeed in loading the kernel module i.e. test.ko and device node will not be created. So there is no question of unregistration (rmmod). If registration is successful then only we can unregister the driver i.e. unloading the kernel, removal of device node etc... using rmmod. If in init function registration is successful and some other API fails then need to add goto statements, jump to appropriate goto label to unregister and return the appropriate error value. Hope I have cleared your doubt :-) ",,2,1218,4,1,1,0
1096,junit TestWatcher failed and finished methods firing time,"I am writing some functional tests with webdriver and executing them with JUnit. I am trying to make use of TestWatcher class so everytime an event occurs a specific action could be done. I am overriding the finished and failed methods, but it seems to be that these are fired virtually simultaneously, so the driver has been already disposed by finish method before the failed method could do it's stuff.  The TestWatcher is following:  The test could be something like this:  When i run my test, i am getting a following error:  Any ideas how to get pass it? EDIT: From documentation: protected void  finished(Description description) Invoked when a test method finishes (whether passing or failing) protected void  failed(Throwable e, Description description) Invoked when a test fails It would make sense, that firstly the ""failed"" is called and after that, the ""finished"" is called, but it seems to be the other way around.  ",Your problem is a shared resource that isn't created fresh at every execution. I created a small example that will show this. Take a look at my comment to your comment.,0.0,1,3314,4,1,1,0
1097,Is there any syntaxhighlighter for SAS?,"I need to post SAS code on my website. However, if I do write my HTML to highlight  cod it would take me a long time.  How can I transform the SAS code into nice looking  counterpart?","I would simply copy/paste from your editor into a rich text editor (ie, MS Word or similar) that is capable of producing an HTML file.  Alternately, some text editors like UltraEdit are capable of doing SAS markup.",4.0,9,5941,5,1,1,0
1098,"Why doesn't moveTo(0, 0); lineTo(X, X); draw a 45° line?","I spent a lot of time today trying to do some simple canvas work (which I haven't played with in quite a while), but lines weren't drawing to the right places. It turns out that it was JavaScript and/or Canvas that was screwy, not my math. Given a 2D canvas context, the following:  …draws a line that seems to be at 30° or so, not 45° as expected. Here's a jsFiddle. The only way that this makes sense is if the canvas/context is using non-square pixels… Is that really the case? Whose bright idea might that be? Is there a way to force the canvas to use square pixels instead to make my math easier?","Sounds like you're resizing the canvas with CSS. Resizing in CSS actually does result in stretched drawings. If you need to resize, this will not ""stretch the pixels"": ",,1,1168,5,1,1,1
1099,Integration of SCORM with PHP/Yii,"Practically I am new to  implementation in PHP.  Theoretically I covered these areas before asking a question here - Already looked at Wiki SCORM that what does it means theoretically.(kinda standard to be followed for delivering content). Read about the moodle and SCORM(but may be I need to design my app in Yii, searched extensions but found none at repository). Read most of the stuff at http://scorm.com/ and checked its PHP Library as well. My concerns and queries - I am familiar with PHP so how could I create an app that uploads an SCORM package, test it if its SCORM compliant and then can run the SCORM package. What are the things I need to keep in mind while creating such an app. SCORM cloud looks good but it is costlier http://scorm.com/scorm-solved/scorm-cloud-features/ after 100MB so I am unable to use it for now. Checked  as well but it is another LMS. Please provide me some example of implementation/github code/small app in php from which I can proceed further. I know the solution is going to be little lengthy but believe me before asking I nearly checked all answer https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/scorm and none looks beneficial. FYI - I checked this as well https://cloud.scorm.com/ so what SCORM is clear to me but its link for its implementation in PHP in simple terms found no where.","Having built a SCORM player in PHP, here's what you need: a) An importer, that reads XML from the imsmanifest.xml file and creates a representation in your system, if needed. The most important thing in this file is to find the ""launch point"" of the SCORM content b) A SCORM engine, in javascript, that will communicate with the SCORM content c) A database backend, to store what needs to be stored (based on the specification) (b) above is the most important and difficult part, but it's also relatively easy to find as a complete piece of open source code (for example, efront contains an implementation, inside ) Having said this and having supported SCORM content for years, I can tell you that implementing SCORM from scratch is difficult, but even more difficult is to make it work for all vendors, since there are many implementations each with its own tricky points. If you're doing this for a commercial audience, I would strongly suggest to go with a ready made implementation (scorm.com's is really great, but comes with all the drawbacks you've mentioned). Otherwise you may end up supporting it for much more time than you would want to (and was paid for).",1.0,2,3726,6,1,1,1
1100,Symfony2 using assetic with Angular HTML5 routes,I use an angular front end with Symfony. When I declare my  I have to include my  becuase I set the html 5 mode to true: .  vs  The problem is I have to remember to change those routes back when I want to use the production environment.  I there a good way to handle this perhaps with  when I do a dump to detect I am doing the dump for the  vs  or do I just have to painfully remember to change the paths for the target envirnment? Thanks,Try to use FOSJsRoutingBundle. This bundle allows you to expose your routing in your JavaScript code. That means you'll be able to generate URL with given parameters like you can do with the Router component provided in the Symfony2 core.  https://github.com/FriendsOfSymfony/FOSJsRoutingBundle ,2.0,5,2348,6,1,1,0
1101,Return rows matching elements of input array in plpgsql function,I would like to create a PostgreSQL function that does something like the following:  But I see two problems here:  It is not clear to me that array type is the most useful type of input. This is currently returning zero rows when I do:   What am I missing?,"This works:  Call:  Or (update - example with dollar-quoting):   More about how to quote string literals: Insert text with single quotes in PostgreSQL You don't need dynamic SQL here. While you can wrap it into a plpgsql function (which may be useful), a simple SQL function is doing the job just fine. You have type mismatches.  the result of  may be  to hold a precise result. I cast to  to make it work, which is just an alias for  (you can use either). If you need perfect precision, use  instead. Since you  you want a plain  OUT parameter instead of .    An array is a useful type of input. If it's easier for your client you can also use a  input parameter that allows to pass the array as a list of elements:  Call:   Or (with dollar-quoting):   Be aware that standard Postgres only allows a maximum of 100 elements. This is determined at compile time by the preset option:   Reports the maximum number of function arguments. It is determined by the value of  when building the server. The default value is 100 arguments.  You can still call it with array notation when prefixed with the keyword :  For bigger arrays (100+), I would also use  in a subquery and  to it, which tends to scale better:  Optimizing a Postgres query with a large IN ",2.0,5,2100,7,1,1,1
1102,Calling convention on x64,"I saw in several places that Microsoft calling conventions for  platforms were narrowed down to just one: Caller cleans stack (), and parameters are passed in a combination of stack and registers (I am not going into the exact details here). I assume that if this is the calling convention of the OS, then probably all other compilers targeting Windows (e.g. mingw-w64) follow it, too. Is this calling convention true also on other major platforms ( Linux, etc.)? Or does Linux still use multiple calling conventions, or even just one but a different one? Do  or  allow for multiple calling conventions on  Linux?","I just found the answer here and here. Basically, Windows does it one way, everyone else does it another way, but each platform only does it one way (as opposed to multiple ways per-platform with )",2.0,8,22113,12,1,1,1
1103,"Passing a Map<String,String> to a springMVC controller",I am trying to send a HashMap or any other Map implementation from ajax to a Spring MVC controller  Here's the detail of how I do it :  the Ajax call is as follow  then on the controller side I have :  Unfortunately I systematically get   What am I doing wrong ?  Thank you.,Binding a map in a spring controller is supported the same way as binding an array. No special converter needed! There is one thing to keep in mind though:  Spring uses command object(s) as a top level value holder. A command object can be any class.  So all you need is a wrapper class () which holds a field of type  called tags. The same approach you take to bind an array.  This is explained pretty well in the docs but i kept forgetting the need of the wrapper object once in a while ;) The second thing you need to change is the way you submit the tags values:  use one form parameter per map key and not a full string representation of the complete map. one input value should look like this:   If tags is a map in a wrapper this works out of the box for form submits.,5.0,8,34681,13,1,1,1
1104,Nested JSON to CSV format Node.js,"I am new to programming and am working on a project that received a nested JSON response from an API using node.js.  I am hoping to find a simple method to convert this JSON into a CSV for export.  I have searched around a bit have tried jsonexport and nestedcsv2json packages, but I have not been able to get my format quite right and am unable to iterate though my JSON response. Basically the JSON response is as follows:  The issue I am having is that the size of this can vary depending on the date range that the user enters.  So I will need to iterate through the returned dates and then extract the nested JSON.  It could be one date or 100 dates.   I am looking to make a CSV format with headers that I can export:  This should be quick and easy, but I am struggling to get this quite right.  Any tips or help is greatly appreciated.  Thanks!",This outputs a semicolon separated csv-string. Edit the separator (for example replace it with tab ) to suit your needs:  The output is:  You can find a working example here: https://jsfiddle.net/owd8zsa0/,,0,2013,1,1,1,1
1105,htacess mod_rewrite if file does not exist,"I have the following code in my .htaccess file.  It checks to see if the file exists, and if not it will point it to a php get variable.  The only problem with this, is that when i go to ""http://example.com"" it gives a server misconfiguration message. If I go to ""http://example.com/index.php"" the website loads fine. What do I need to do to make index.php load when I go to my domain without adding the file name?",Try : ,,1,670,1,1,1,1
1106,"Jquery hover box, need a more efficient code","I have three boxes across and one line of text below that changes the text based on which box is hovered over. HTML  and I am running this script with it, which seems amateurishly repetitive.  How would I better code the script to do the same function. Thanks. FIDDLE","Attach the event handler to the class, and give each box a data attribute that links it to the corresponding .        ",,0,60,2,1,1,1
1107,How can i re-write the query in cakephp-3 way?,"Raw sql query:  I'm trying to write this raw sql query in cakephp-3 way. I have made the inner select query in cakephp-3 way:  How can i set alias for this inner query? Then, how can i do inner join with 'Posts' or getting the instance of 'Posts' table how can i do inner join with the inner sql query(the derived comments table)? Thanks in advance. Any answer will be highly appreciated.",The alias for a join is made this way:  In your case: ,,1,273,2,1,1,1
1108,Writing a python function that takes mean of array,I am trying to answer the questions below but I don't understand the error code when I run it (Required argument 'object' (pos 1) not found). Any help will be appreciated.  Write a python function that takes in two arrays and returns: a) the mean of the first array  b) the mean of the second array  c) the Mann-Whitney U-statistic and associated p-value of the two arrays? ,"You are creating new, empty arrays in your functions for no reason. You are also giving them the same name as your input parameters, thus discarding your original input arrays. What you are doing boils down to  All you need to do is delete the useless lines   from your functions. Demo: ",,2,102,2,1,1,1
1109,HTML - How to make text disappear and make different text appear from a press of a button?,"So I'm trying to make this little ""choice game"" of sorts on this website. http://puu.sh/ncAr8/be095ee6e2.png I got up to this but... when you click Sure, it brings you to another page. I don't want to do that. Instead when you click Sure, I want the text and the button to disappear and different text/buttons to appear. Here's my code. Excuse my poor HTML, I'm not so great.  Please help me, I'm pretty bad at HTML and would love some advice as well. Thanks!",I have created a working example from your code. You can check it here pre            The way its works the content that you don't want to show at the beginning set CSS display property to none so that that will be hidden. Then target the button using Jquery and listen for the click event. When it happened simply hide all the elements that you want to hide and show whose will be visible.,,0,8546,2,1,1,1
1110,Capistrano and Bitbucket permission denied,"I'm trying to set up capistrano with my Rails app and hosting using digitalocean. I have a Ubuntu server running unicorn and nginx. My capistrano deploy keeps failing at this stage:  I have generated a ssh key on the server and added it to my bitbucket account. If I ssh into the server and git clone the repo, that works fine. Running ssh -T git@bitbucket.org on the server returns:  staging.rb : ","Your error message shows a  error when trying to create the directory . In other words, your deployer user doesn't have the necessary file permissions. It has nothing to do with your SSH key or Bitbucket. Just make sure that  exists and is owned by . You may need to use  or log in as  to do this.  BTW, I'm not sure placing your app inside  makes sense. If you are using  to deploy (and thus be the owner of) your app, wouldn't it make more sense to put it in ? Or in a ""neutral"" location like  (as Capistrano suggests by default)?",,1,617,2,1,1,1
1111,sscanf unexpected results inside a loop,"I am trying to parse this simple configuration file using  and :  I wrote the following script to parse it, in which sscanf initially seems to be extracting the variables properly then for some unknown reason it mixes them up:  Result:  Expected:  I tried many things to find out what's causing this behaviour but got nothing, I thought it could be that the id and name variables are not null terminated so I manually added \0 at the end and then I thought it could be that the buf is getting overwritten in the loop so I used memset to reset it and also reset all the char arrays and checked the length of everything but I just can't see what's going wrong. Any help would be greatly appreciated.","As was mentioned in the comments, you're not properly adding the null byte to the end of  and  after calling . From the man page:  The strncpy() function is similar, except that not more than n bytes   of src  are copied. Thus, if there is no null byte among the first n   bytes of src, the result will not be null-terminated.  So after using  you need to manually add a null byte as the last byte of the array.  What you're doing instead is using  to find the length of the string.  This function only works if the string is correctly null terminated, which after the  call it might not be. So instead of this:  Do this:  This adds the null byte as the last character. Now to explain the behavior you were seeing: When you first read in , all 8 bytes of this array were populated with the 8 bytes of the string in question.  It printed correctly because  appears in memory immediately after  (I'll explain how I know this momentarily) and  was initialized to all zeros outside of the loop, so the first byte of  (which contains a null byte) effectively terminates . Then when you read in , the null terminator for  (which was actually in ) was overwritten.  Then when you later print , it prints the bytes from  but doesn't find the null byte, so it keeps reading the bytes where  lives until it finds the null terminator for that string and prints .  The fact that  printed this was is how we know that  appears immediately after  in memory (in this particular case). The reason you saw the error with  but not with  is because  wasn't big enough for the string you read in (so null terminator was not added), but  was big enough for its string (so a null terminator was added).",,2,127,3,1,1,1
1112,Regular Expression confused by use of double and single quotes,"I have this JavaScript (running in Chrome 48.0.2564.103 m):  The first exec() matches label2, as I intended. However, the second gets confused by the double quote after 'label3=' and matches label1 instead. I had expected the use of .*? to tell the regular expression to make the match as tightly as possible, but clearly it doesn't always. Is there a way to tighten up my regular expression?","Just exclude what was seen as a quote  So the change was replacing your  with . Break down:   is negative look ahead, non-capturing  is non-capturing group. The last letter right before the closing quote would not match if it's not , need  to fix  This allows you to combine other rules when you want to allow  or  or further : ",,3,68,3,1,1,1
1113,Eigen Matrix library coefficient wise manipulation,"May I please seek help with a computation issue of the matrix library ""Eigen.""  say i have a functor:  Now I want to use this functor to operate on a Eigen::MatrixXd  How do I write something (in a compact and nice way) so that each element of ""a"" is taken and the functor operation to it is applied.  I can always do it in a loop but is that the only way out ? Thanks in advance.","You can apply a  onto your matrix:  Note that the result of the transformation  is not stored, but evaluated on the fly (as usual in expression template libraries). If you want to store the result, replace """" by """".",,0,231,3,1,1,1
1114,WNS Notification : Channel URL incompatible with caller app,"I'm currently developping an mobile application based on Cordova (version 4.0.0) for Windows Phone 8.1. I implemented the Java code from API Java-WNS (from github of fernandospr) to send notification to my device. When I push the notification message to WNS, I get this error :  Here's the different steps to configure my app to receive notifications :  I registered my app from windows developper dashboard I have a SID package : ms-app://s-1-15-2-[...]-[...]-[...]-[...]-[...]-[...]-[...]-2403721117 I have also my client secret like this (just an example) : Nk2C+pmadqcHNQR51lN6F7LGaJYUTRPb   This is my channel URI obtained from WNS :   Most important, I associated my app to windows store from Visual Studio. Then, package name, publisher display and publisher ID have been added to my appxmanifest.file  Here's the appxmanifest.file (truely name ""package.phone.appxmanifest from platforms/windows folder and cordova windows phone project) :  From server side, I use the authentification to WNS with two parameters :  SID package  Client secret password  I checked differents topics about this error and the most of the useful answer is to associate the app to windows store. But I always did it and I don't work for me. If I understand well, WNS platform just need to know the ID App (SID package) to find my app and to send notification to my app. I don't need to deploy my app through the windows store. Do you have an idea about how to fix it ? Do you think I forget something or do a mistake ? EDIT : I'm thinking I find the problem ! I'm working on it and when I'll resolve my problem, I'll come back here to post my solution. ","I found the solution about my problem. I'm stupid because I didn't see the relationship between the association of my app to windows store and the appx archive which must have generated. I deployed the wrong appx and that's why I never received the notifications windows. In fact, the wrong appx was never associated to the windows store... So, here's the steps (from Visual Studio 2015 RC) to deploy the appx archive linked to windows store :  Go to project tab and select windows store Click on create app packages Following the differents steps to generate an appx archive with the windows store informations associated (one of steps will be associate your app with the windows store) the appx archive generated is stored to the following folder (in my case) : C:\Users\pcharpin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\demo-app-windows\demo-app-windows\AppPackages\CordovaApp.Phone_1.1.0.0_arm_Test To deploy this archive on your remote device, use the Windows Phone Application Deployment 8.1 tool. Select target as remote device and select also the app package which is CordovaApp.Phone_1.1.0.0_arm_Test. To finish, click on deploy and your app will be deploy on your remote device. You're ready to send notifications windows and receive them to your windows phone device  So, don't forget to create an app package to associate it to the windows store and can receive the notifications windows. You can retrieve the guidelines about this from documentation of Create a Windows 8.1 app package (excepted about the deployment's step).",,1,1897,6,1,1,0
1115,Constructor dependency code snippet in visual studio,"I find myself adding dependencies a lot to constructors like so:  They're quite tedious to write, I've been looking for code snippets in visual studio to automatically add one to the constructor but haven't found one. What I want is:  When adding a dependency to a constructor some snippet automatically creates a local variable and assigns to it.  OR  Add a private variable and then some snippet automatically adds it to the constructor and assigns it to the local variable. ","If you don't have Resharper, you can add the parameter on the constructor, write the assignament to an unexisting property and hit CTRL+. . This will prompt you with the options to automatically create a property or field for you. For example, you have this class:  You then add the parameter to the constructor, and the assignament:  And hit CTRL+. while  on the asignament line, and select create field, and you'll get this: ",0.0,14,1680,7,1,1,1
1116,Why can't I use column aliases in the next SELECT expression?,"Can I modify the next to use the column aliases  and  in an expression ?  It raises the next error:  The next, however, works fine (use primary expressions instead of column aliases: ",You can use a previously created alias in the  or  statement but not in a  or  statement. This is because the program processes all of the  statement at the same time and doesn't know the alias' value yet. The solution is to encapsulate the query in a subquery and then the alias is available outside. ,1.0,8,5105,8,1,1,1
1117,ON CONFLICT DO UPDATE has missing FROM-clause,"I have a simple table (id and name column, both unique), which I am importing a tab delimited CSV file.  I am running psql 9.5, and wanted to try out the new  feature to update the name column if the ID already exists.  I am getting this error:  Not too sure whats going wrong here.","If you look at the documentation of the  clause, it says this about the ""conflict action"":  The SET and WHERE clauses in ON CONFLICT DO UPDATE have access to the existing row using the table's name (or an alias)  In your query, the target table is . , on the other hand, is the source of the data you are trying to insert, but the  clause cannot ""see"" that - it is looking at a particular row that has been calculated and failed. Consider if you'd written something like this:  Clearly, it wouldn't make sense for a row which failed to insert into  to have access to any one row from . If there was no way of seeing the rejected data, the whole feature would be pretty useless, but if we read on:  ... and to rows proposed for insertion using the special excluded table.  So instead, you need to access the magic table alias , which contains the values which you tried to insert but got a conflict on, giving you this:  If it seems weird that an imaginary table name pops up for this purpose, consider that a similar thing happens when writing triggers, where you get  and  (depending on the kind of trigger you're writing).",2.0,10,2623,20,1,1,1
1118,Ruby/RVM with @global gem - bundle run fails with `require': cannot load such file — bundler (LoadError),"I study linux for 1 month. While I tried to make all steps from Migrating from MySQL to Postgres on Heroku I've got an error I could not handle. When I try to install  the  gem from source:  I have an error on  :  I've installed  but when i try enter  I get the same error! My  is:  My  is  My gem list is  I use Linux Mint 17.3 Please, help me to understand what goes wrong. I need to install  to migrate MySQL to Posgres in Heroku. Thank you!",1) Skip the sudo just run  2) run  Now it should work,4.0,12,12459,21,1,1,1
1119,How to extract the results of Http Requests in Elm,"Using Elm's html package it is possible to make http requests:  These are all the New York Times repos on Github.  Basically there are two items I'd want from the Github response, the id and name  The Elm type for  requires a Json  object   I don't know how to open lists yet.  So I put the decoder  and at least the types matched, but I had no idea what to do with the  object.  I just want an Elm object of the repo names so I can display in some  elements, but I can't even get the data out.  Can someone slowly walk me through how to write the decoder and how to get the data out with Elm?","Update for Elm 0.17: I have updated the complete gist of this answer to work with Elm 0.17. You can see the full source code here. It will run on http://elm-lang.org/try. A number of language and API changes were made in 0.17 that make some of the following recommendations obsolete. You can read about the 0.17 upgrade plan here. I will leave the original answer for 0.16 untouched below, but you can compare the final gists to see a list of what has changed. I believe the newer 0.17 version is cleaner and easier to understand. Original Answer for Elm 0.16: It looks like you're using the Elm REPL. As noted here, you're not going to be able to execute tasks in the REPL. We'll get to more on why in a bit. Instead, let's create an actual Elm project. I'm assuming you've downloaded the standard Elm tools. You'll first need to create a project folder and open it up in a terminal. A common way to get started on an Elm project is to use the StartApp. Let's use that as a starting point. You first need to use the Elm package manager command line tool to install the required packages. Run the following in a terminal in your project root:  Now, create a file at the project root called Main.elm. Here is some boilerplate StartApp code to get you started. I won't go into explaining the details here since this question is specifically about Tasks. You can learn more by going through the Elm Architecture Tutorial. For now, copy this into Main.elm.  You can now run this code using elm-reactor. Go to the terminal in your project folder and enter  This will run a web server on port 8000 by default, and you can pull up http://localhost:8000 in your browser, then navigate to Main.elm to see the ""Hello, Elm"" example. The end goal here is to create a button which, when clicked, pulls in the list of nytimes repositories and lists the IDs and names of each. Let's first create that button. We'll do so by using the standard html generation functions. Update the  function with something like this:  On its own, the button click does nothing. We need to create an Action that is then handled by the  function. The action the button is initiating is to fetch data from the Github endpoint.  now becomes:  And we can now stub out the handling of this action in the  function like so. For now, let's change the message to show that the button click was handled:  Lastly, we have to cause button clicks to trigger that new action. This is done using the  function, which generates a click event handler for that button. The button html generation line now looks like this:  Great! Now the message should be updated when you click it. Let's move onto Tasks. As I mentioned earlier, the REPL does not (yet) support the invoking of tasks. This may seem counterintuitive if you're coming from an imperative language like Javascript, where when you write code that says ""go fetch data from this url,"" it immediately creates an HTTP request. In a purely functional language like Elm, you do things a little differently. When you create a Task in Elm, you're really just indicating your intentions, creating a sort of ""package"" that you can hand off to the runtime in order to do something that causes side effects; in this case, contact the outside world and pull data down from a URL. Let's go ahead and create a task that fetches the data from the url. First, we're going to need a type inside Elm to represent the shape of the data we care about. You indicated that you just wanted the  and  fields.  As a note about type construction inside Elm, let's stop for a minute and talk about how we create RepoInfo instances. Since there are two fields, you can construct a  in one of two ways. The following two statements are equivalent:  That second was of constructing the instance will become more important when we talk about Json decoding. Let's also add a list of these to the model. We'll have to change the  function as well to start off with an empty list.  Since the data from the URL comes back in JSON format, We'll need a Json Decoder to translate the raw JSON into our type-safe Elm class. Create the following decoder.  Let's pick that apart. A decoder is what maps the raw JSON to the shape of the type to which we're mapping. In this case, our type is a simple record alias with two fields. Remember that I mentioned a few steps ago that we can create a RepoInfo instance by using  as a function that takes two parameters? That's why we're using  to create the decoder. The first arg to  is a function that takes two arguments itself, and that's why we're passing in . It is equivalent to a function with arity two. The remaining arguments spell out the shape of the type. Since our  model lists  first and  second, that's the order in which the decoder expects the arguments to be. We'll need another decoder to decode a list of  instances.  Now that we have a model and decoder, we can create a function that returns the task for fetching the data. Remember, this isn't actually fetching any data, it's merely creating a function which we can hand off to the runtime later.  There are a number of ways of handling the variety of errors that can occur. Let's choose Task.toResult, which maps the result of the request to a Result type. It will make things easier on us in a bit, and is sufficient for this example. Let's change that  signature to this:  Note that I'm using  in my type annotation for the error value of Task. That's just because, by mapping to a , I'll never have to care about an error from the task. Now, we're going to need some actions to handle the two possible results: An HTTP error or a successful result. Update  with this:  Your update function should now set those values on the model.  Now, we need a way to map the  task to one of these new actions. Since I don't want to get bogged down in error handling, I'm just going to use  to change the error object into a string for debugging purposes  That gives us a way to map a never-failing task to an Action. However, StartApp deals with Effects, which is a thin layer over Tasks (as well as a few other things). We'll need one more piece before we can tie it all together, and that's a way to map the never-failing HTTP task to an Effects of our type Action.  You may have noticed I called this thing, ""never failing."" That was confusing to me at first so let me try to explain. When we create a task, we're guaranteed a result, but it a success or failure. In order to make Elm apps as robust as possible, we in essence remove the possibility of failure (by which I mainly mean, an unhandled Javascript exception), by explicitly handling every case. That's why we've gone through the trouble of mapping first to a  and then to our , which explicitly handles error messages. To say it never fails is not to say that HTTP problems can't happen, it's to say that we're handling every possible outcome, and errors are mapped to ""successes"" by mapping them to a valid action. Before our final step, let's make sure our  can show the list of repositories.  Lastly, the piece that ties this all together is to make the  case of our  function return the Effect which initiates our task. Update the case statement like this:  That's it! You can now run  and click the button to fetch the list of repositories. If you want to test out the error handling, you can just mangle the URL for the  request to see what happens. I've posted the entire working example of this as a gist. If you don't want to run it locally, you can see the final result by pasting that code into http://elm-lang.org/try. I've tried to be very explicit and concise about each step along the way. In a typical Elm app, a lot of these steps will be condensed down to a few lines, and more idiomatic shorthand will be used. I've tried to spare you those hurdles by making things as small and explicit as possible. I hope this helps!",5.0,13,4758,25,1,1,1
1120,Highcharts - creating chart with same scale axis,"I'm trying to create combined chart with line and semi-circles with numerical x and y axis. I have a problem because I can't create the chart with axis in same scale. How every I try I always get different proportions of x and y scale. Here is an example: https://jsfiddle.net/nje5cj6x/.  So, the container has the same width and height, both axis are the same, but still x and y axis are not the same proportions: Measured width and height So, on this graph each point on the line should intersect with corresponding semi-circle at 90'. Can this be done? Also, can I add some extra data in data var? For example, I'd like to pass variable r, besides x and y for radius? But if I do that, values are not calculated in same scale, so if I edit the code to:  I get even worse result.  Thanks!","In your example, the canvas element has the same width and height. However, there is more room used at the bottom for labels/legend that is used on the left for labels. As a result, the plot area has slightly different width and height. Since the x-axis and y-axis have the same range, 1 unit on the x-axis and 1 unit on the y-axis have slightly different lengths in canvas units. Instead of a rendering a circle on the plot area, you need to render a ellipse (that is almost a circle). One solution is to push three points (left, top, right) for each arc into the circle_data array. Then use the plot area locations of those three points to render a path for an elliptical arc curve. For example...        Note that this solution works for any radius. The three data points in the circle_data array are computed from the radius. The render then computes the radius from the three corresponding plot area locations.",,2,987,0,2,1,1
1121,Closing an iframe with a link,"I'm trying to set up a feature whereby a link on my main page will open a 'popup' window and another link in the popup window will open up an iframe. From within the iframe I have a 'close' button which will close the iframe and return to the popup window. However I cannot get the iframe to open again if i click on the link within the popup window. All I get is an empty frame.  Here's a link to exactly what is happening: http://afhxvzdf.tumblr.com On the iframe's page I have these two codes which I used for closing the iframe.  and the link to close the iframe:  I'm not very familiar with javascript whatsoever so I'm baffled. Any help would be very appreciated, thanks!",It works fine if you close the popup by clicking on the normal page. So i think you shouldn't make the close button in the iframe. Another solution would be to force a refresh by clicking on the link to open the popup.,,0,319,0,2,1,0
1122,Sql Create Table Code Failing,"For the life of me I don't know why the code below is failing. Any input would be greatly appreciated. Many thanks.  error message:  Msg 156, Level 15, State 1, Line 10 Incorrect syntax near the keyword   'insert'. Msg 156, Level 15, State 1, Line 22 Incorrect syntax near the keyword   'Create'. Msg 156, Level 15, State 1, Line 32 Incorrect syntax near the keyword   'Create'. Msg 102, Level 15, State 1, Line 38 Incorrect syntax near 'values'. ",Your insert statements are incomplete.. Your current syntax:  What it should be: ,,-2,71,0,2,1,1
1123,Delete temporary views after 1 hour,"I have a table  which should stores views based on the user's IP. If the view is 1 hour old, I want to delete it from the table.  How do I go about doing this?","Introduce a new timestamp field  in your table . So that you can set a cron job that will do a delete query which deletes the one hour old records. In case of TIMESTAMP, Use  If it is DATETIME field, use the below one ",,2,69,0,2,1,1
1124,"JavaScript: Check if cookie sets, and change image src to random while refreshing and cookie not expires","Excuse me for the long title. I'm trying to make something simple, function that runs on load, checks if cookie is set - if ""it's true"", then change the image src randomly, as below: HTML Code:  JS Code:  but for some reason, it's not working... any thoughts, notes or both?  Thank you all!","You have some typos in your code.   Math.Floor does not exist: the correct form is: Math.floor document.getElementById( id ).setAttribute( 'src' ) = img; is wrong. The correct form is: document.getElementById(id).setAttribute('src', img); For details see MDN The last is: window.onload = check_create_cookie( 'sample_cookie', 'photo' ); Th correct form is well described in MDN  So, the working code is:       ",,1,391,0,1,1,1
1125,Ciphertext sent and ciphertext received do not match,"I have two s, connected to each other though loopback and being controlled by two synchronous methods running on separate threads to simulate a server-client setup for JUnit testing purposes. The server-side socket has a , the client-side socket has a . The intention is to encrypt a plaintext string using RSA via Java's built-in  class, send the resulting ciphertext byte array through the , then read it from the  and decrypt it back into the plaintext.  Problem is, the byte array read from the  does not match the byte array sent to the . I print both to the console then copy-paste them below each other in Notepad for comparison and they do not match; attempting to decrypt the received ciphertext anyway naturally throws an . Now, I eventually wised up to the fact that  immediately stops the moment it encounters the byte value for the ASCII linefeed and carriage return characters (0A and 0D), regardless of whether there is an actual linebreak or the received data just happens to contain these bytes due to being encrypted. Yet simply repeating  and concatenating the results does not help, since there's no way to know which of the two caused  to stop and thus no way to know which one to insert back into the ciphertext. Other than these missing characters messing up the ciphertext's length, it comes through fine. The next thing I tried was replacing  with a  repeated until the actual, deliberate line termination:  This got the correct length for the ciphertext. Now the problem is that while the whole ciphertext is received, it is full of bit errors. Here's an example, RSA-1024 with no padding used (I want to get this done first before throwing in the padding, since it would throw an exception anyway if left like this). What was sent through the :  What came out of the :  As you can see, it's similar but there are discrepancies all over the place. I'm pretty sure it's caused by the dual type-casting (since  returns an , which won't implicitly convert into ), but would like a second opinion to confirm and point me towards a possible solution. It might be an encoding issue but I'm baffled where that would happen: the ciphertext's s get turned into s, sent through, read out as s, typecasted back into s then typecasted back into s. I mean, if a UTF-16 character gets written onto a buffer then gets read back out as an  by the same environment that wrote it onto the buffer in the first place, won't that  contain the original character's UTF-16 code? Or would typecasting interpret it as ASCII?","Ciphertext from modern cryptographic schemes is binary. If you assume that the binary data can be interpreted as characters with some kind of character encoding (ASCII, UTF-8, etc.), then you'll be disappointed. Not all bytes make up valid printable characters. Some control characters are even interpreted in some special way which breaks the ciphertext. That is why you don't use String-based ""streams"" ( and  in Java) and use actual streams ( and ) instead. If you really need to use the Writers and Readers, then you need to encode the  to a printable form, e.g. with Hex or Base64.",,0,103,0,1,1,1
1126,Retrieve object sent from Python client to an Azure Service Bus Topic,I am subscribed to an Azure Service Bus Topic and I am trying to retrieve objects sent from my Python client. But in my receiving end all I get is something like this:  I have tried receiving in python and in .NET. Here is a dummy code of what I have tried:  Receiving dummy code in C#:  How can I retrieve the User object (the user_id and name) that was sent by the sender?,"A simple solution would be to call  on the  member of that instance. That is a standard Python and if your class is simple it will be JSON like serializable to . Please try the following code snippet to create the  object:  Any further concern, please feel free to let me know.",,0,163,0,1,1,1
1127,How to get rid of old data and of old graph in Chart.js?,"I'm using Chart.js to make a graph. I encounter a problem when I use my graph. The old graph with the old values are not gone when I hover my cursor on the graph. According to the doc, I tried to use .destroy() or .clear() to get rid of the old data, but it doesn't work. Here is the following codes:       HP and MP are both set at 100. Try set 1000 for HP. Then put your cursor on the graph and move in circle. Sometime, the old graph will show up.","You should not recreate chart since that is not allowed in v2, instead you need to replace the data:            ",,0,1120,1,1,1,1
1128,How to clear only the animated section of the canvas between loops,"The animation linked in this JSFiddle should show an EKG style machine, with a set of lines scrolling across the screen, which repeats on a loop after reverting briefly to a blank screen.  It's a modification of some great HTML5 Canvas a clipping animation sample code (http://tajvirani.com/2012/03/30/html5-canvas-animating-a-clip-mask-path/) First loop works a charm but there are some flickering artefacts from then on.  How do I to 'revert' to the original look (machine image with a blank, black screen) before each iteration?  I thought c1.clearRect(0, 0, 386, 380); - line 42 of the JSFiddle - did that, but no joy.  https://jsfiddle.net/0o1x1ryp/#&togetherjs=nftC29hATf","Biggest issue here is that you are calling  every six seconds, so you are creating many 'instances' of a drawer that will draw at the same time and create that flickering.   Rather than that, just call  once, and handle the loop yourself : what you want is, when right side is reached, to clear things and to restart on the left : remove your clearRect and change your last  to :    Besides that, i added some vars to avoid hard coded constants ( , , , ), and i set the source of the image after setting the  handler. Following fiddle should be close to your needs :  https://jsfiddle.net/gamealchemist/0o1x1ryp/5/",,0,54,1,1,1,1
1129,Unexpected type (File) of the resource with URI with JasperReports,"I have a main report, and need one of the fields to be a hyperlink to another report (using that field as the parameter of the second report).  I right clicked, and clicked   - Blank  - ReportExecution  Parameters:  Name: Expression:  Name: Expression:   The parameter  is used in the sub-report to pull the information. The expression for _report is the correct path for the  file of the sub-report, and I also have that  file marked as a resource in  for the main report... Yet I am getting this error:   This seems to be a path issue. Am i missing something?","_report needs to be a report unit with data source and son on (same type of resource/entity as the main report) and not a JRXML file resource. And if you want to pass ""program"" as a parameter, you'll need to define an input control for it (in addition to the JRXML report parameter) in the target report unit.",,0,149,1,1,1,0
1130,Call a stored procedure with parameters from an Azure runbook,"I'm trying to call a maintenance SP from within an Azure runbook:  The SP is declared like this:  and I can successfully run it from SSMS under the same user my runbook uses. But when testing it in Azure portal I'm getting the following error:  Exception calling ""ExecuteNonQuery"" with ""0"" argument(s): ""The   parameterized query '(@tableName  nvarchar(4000),@olderThan   nvarchar(4000))EXEC [dbo].' expects the parameter '@tableName', which   was not supplied.""  I tried every other variants of passing the parameters found on the net like this one:  and many others but it always fails:  Exception calling ""ExecuteNonQuery"" with ""0"" argument(s): ""Procedure   or function 'BackupLogTable' expects parameter  '@tableName', which   was not supplied.""  What am I doing wrong? ","How are you passing your parameters to your inline script? There's some limitations; e.g. Get-AutomationVariable / AutomationCredential is not available in the InlineScript.  ""The InlineScript activity runs a block of commands in a separate, non-workflow session and returns its output to the workflow. While commands in a workflow are sent to Windows Workflow Foundation for processing, commands in an InlineScript block are processed by Windows PowerShell. The activity uses the standard workflow common parameters including PSComputerName and PSCredential which allow you to specify that the code block be run on another computer or using alternate credentials."" So, there's some limitations on how to pass and get variables.  However you can pass values into the inlinescript using $Using.  E.g: InlineScript { Write-output $using:TableName }  Hopefully that'd do the trick.  See also the recommendations for inlinescript on: https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/dn469257(v=sc.16).aspx#bkmk_InlineScript ",,0,1238,1,1,1,0
1131,Rails Postgres hstore or jsonb to store many to many relations,"There is a table 'Products' with columns (id, tile, price, description, shop_id, timestamps) Column price and shop_id are dynamic. The rest of column are static. Also there is a table 'Shops' with columns (id, name, timestamps). Shop has many products. Product can migrate among all shops and products.shop_id can be blank. I want to have history about which products a shop had. For example, yesterday shop had products and their prices. Day before yesterday shop had other products and/or other their prices. So I want to have something like 'ShopHistory' (id, data, date, timestamps), where data is hstore or json. So it should have hash like { key: value}, where key is id of product and value is its current price. But I would like to joins data column with products in order to know about title and description of products. I have no idea how to do that. It looks like ShopHistory is a join table between shop and products, but all information are stored in one row. Could we help me? Maybe anyone knows a better way to implement all of this. Any thought and articles are welcome. Thanks! P.S. I use rails(ActiveRecord) and PostgreSQL, but answers from guys who know only Postgres are good for me too.","I get your intent, but frankly I don't think it's going to work out for you in a straightforward, easy way. (As a rule of thumb, in ruby and in rails, if it isn't straightforward, you're probably not doing it the ruby/rails way). Why do I know this? Because I tried before to do a very similar thing to what you want to do with an hstore, with no luck: Can I use ActiveRecord relationships with fields from an Hstore? As a better solution (what worked out for me in the end), please consider making an intermediate model to match s to s, (maybe you'll want to name this intermediate model something like , with a join table , but the name is up to you) then join both models using the intermediate model with a   relationship as detailed here: http://edgeguides.rubyonrails.org/association_basics.html#the-has-many-through-association Something like:  (There's more info about how to create all of that in the link, I recommend that read) Now you will have an association set up, so you can get:  Finally, I think you can use ActiveRecord scopes to solve the second computational problem that you need to solve (that is, find the price per day in the past). Scopes will allow you, ideally, to do queries like:  All of my code is not production-ready and not tested, but I think my examples and links should be enough to get you on the right path. Let me know if you need more help and I can try to help.",,1,499,1,1,0,1
1132,Responsive grid of md-cards with different height via angular material,"Here is my md-card's loop (except the first ):  This works fine, here is the picture. But what if i don't want to display cards strictly on the lines? Is there any way to get something like  this?","That kind of layout will require you to use some javascript to add to the view logic. Since each of your cards are using rows, it would not be currently possible to do that styling. I would check out http://masonry.desandro.com/",,2,1215,2,1,1,0
1133,csvHelper dynamically loading child class,"I'm using csvHelper to populate a database from a .CSV file.  Any record being read from the .csv file has 3 child classes, either of these child classes  may or may not already exist in the database. My issue is, that csvHelper creates a new record for every child class present, where instead it should do a lookup for existing records in the database, and if present use this.  The result is, that I end up with many duplicate entries in the child class tables. I'm using Unity container with a unit of work approach. Here is my code  Here is my class map  I would typically access a CSV file using the CSV as a Stream resource, as such:  A few lines from a CSV file would typically look like this  In this example, there would be a total of 4 games created, 8 teams created and 4 referees. Leicester, Everton, Steve Dunn and Andy Hall would all contain duplicates, which is incorrect, ie three Team objects for Leicester and 2 Referee objects for Andy Hall etc. The .CSV file that i'm using is in a flat format and has as a row for each game played.  There are columns for the Home team, Away team and referee.  There are other columns, but for the purpose of the question I'm asking, the other details are irrelevant. When csvHelper reads a game record, it creates 1 new referee and 2 new teams.  After reading 300 games, there are 300 referees (250+ duplicates) and 600 teams (550+ duplicates) in the database.  Ideally, the referee and teams should be looked up from the database first before creating a new one. Because there are two teams per game, two new team objects are created for each line or game in the CSV file. I'm really not sure how to make this work using mappings, assistance would be welcome. Thank you in advance.","I've looked at the  library and its internal object construction logic. While you can use clever configuration tricks, I found that the best way to do what you want is very simple. You just keep track of the unique s and s and link the  instances to the previous instances when available. ",1.0,3,1021,2,1,1,1
1134,Scrapy : Sending information to prior function,"I am using scrapy 1.1 to scrape a website. The site requires periodic relogin. I can tell when this is needed because when login is required a 302 redirection occurs. Based on # http://sangaline.com/post/advanced-web-scraping-tutorial/ , I have subclassed the RedirectMiddleware, making the location http header available in the spider under:  My problem is that after logging in , I have set up a function to loop through 100 pages to scrape . Lets say after 15 pages I see that I have to log back in (based on the contents of request.meta['redirect_urls']) . My code looks like:  So as you can see, I get 'notified' of the need to relogin in parse_lookup at BB , but need to feed this information back to cancel the loop creating requests in test1 (AA). How can I make the information in parse lookup available in the prior callback function?","Why not use a DownloaderMiddleware? You could write a DownloaderMiddleware like so: Edit: I have edited the original code to address a second problem the OP had in the comments.  So you ""intercept"" the response before it goes to the parse_lookup and relogin/fix what is wrong and yield new requests... Like Tomáš Linhart said the requests are asynchronous so I don't know if you could run into problems by ""reloging in"" several times in a row, as multiple requests might be redirected at the same time. Remember to add the middleware to your settings: ",1.0,8,443,5,6,1,1
1135,"Parse String containing ""Array of String"" into Array using Swift 3.0","I'm looking for a way to convert this string into array using Swift 3.0  If I separate it into token using  as the separator, it will include  and  so it won't work. How to convert this properly? Note:  The question is different from: Simple and clean way to convert JSON string to Object in Swift I'm not trying to convert an JSON Object that has multiple keys in it.","it's a JSON String, you have to convert it in normal string array by using JSONSerialization.  Swift 3.0 ",,0,774,7,6,1,1
1136,How to put an alert box using javascript and asp.net?,"I just want to know how to put an alert box using javascript and asp.net. Basically I have created a webpage where the admin will fill up a form, and then after clicking the submit button, there should be an alert box that will popup with a message that says upload successful or upload failed. I tried doing it with this code(I only included the javascript code and the asp submit button):  and here is the code-behind:  I tried doing the Button1.Attrbute.Add but no alert box is showing. Please provide solutions or actual examples on how to achieve this. Also kindly inform me if there are wrong syntax that i missed so that i can correct it immediately.",You can use  in code behind to show alert message like below . You need to  control to your aspx page . This is the recommended way   Otherwise you can simple do like below   Link for scriptmanager control  http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/system.web.ui.clientscriptmanager.registerstartupscript.aspx ,,0,1289,0,8,1,1
1137,load the view using anchor tag to created route,I have read the documentation before asking question. And also visited the question on related topic but i didn't help.  Here is my anchor tag:  Example :  Here is the controller:  The Route:  I want to load the view on click of the anchor tag and which show the url like  The URL is keep changing according to application id.  I am loading the view is that a problem? OR to use routes i must have to use redirect? ,"This is your URL in anchor tag  But in your controller, you're retrieving only one  To catch the data use this   But you want to show URL like this  for that to have to do like this  To catch this data use below code in controller  If you need to remove controller name use this in route ",,1,407,1,8,1,1
1138,Laravel multidimensional echo values?,I get errors in laravel how do I echo the values correctly. I have this multidimensional array. This is the controller:  and here is where I echo the values: ,"You can send an array with key and values to your views. The key will be the variable name in your view. This is all very basic Laravel stuff and you can read more about it in the docs. The controller:  You view:  If you want to loop over them you could do that with your original controller, but this is how it would look in your view:  This will only work if  and  are convertible to strings. Otherwise you would get an error.",,1,86,2,8,1,1
1139,How to get javascript `this` element properties?,"I have been learning javascript to get clear of the jquery that's why I'm gonna show you an example with jquery and how to write same code with js I have to do list like this:        and as you see on snippet I have removeTodo() function.. I want to remove  which I clicked but before do this I have to ask how can I get clicked properties (id,class,text,parent,child bla bla) and how can I remove or addClass (for example) ? it was very simple with jquery like this      ","With the method you're using - where you expect the event to be passed as an argument to the function - you can use  to access the clicked element. Note that you will need to amend the  to include the  in the arguments, though. However, a much better solution would be to use an unobtrusive event handler on the  as you are on all the other elements in your code. Then you can use the  keyword to reference the clicked element, similar to the jQuery example in your second code block. Try this:       ",,0,203,1,9,1,1
1140,python pydictionary wont import?,"When I call pip freeze it lists pydictionary as being an installed module, and when i call pydictionary in terminal, it does stuff but if i try to import PyDictionary into my python, it says the module does not exist?  and  but ","As written in the docs: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/PyDictionary  output:  UPDATE: Based on the discussion in comments, In sublime add a new build system Tools->build system-> new build systems add  Switch build system to this build system and try build.",,0,1557,1,11,1,1
1141,"Concurrent access and scaling of ""non-managed"" utility class","If I have a stateful class that requires a utility-like stateless class to perform an operation on it. These stateful classes are kept in a list in a container (stateful) class. This is what I would do with plain Java:  and inside  this is the procedure:  Now with JavaEE CDI I would do:  In this case all StatefulBean could access a shared pool of StatelessBean with no concurrency issues and it will scale properly with requests. However, since  is not a managed bean I can't inject into it and so I used the utility class instead. Also I'm creating  with a constructor so I can't inject into it the stateless bean (I will get a NPE using it). My questions are:  Are there concurrency and scalabilty differences between the stateless injection approach (provided it would work) and the utility class approach? How can I make the EE injection approach work? "," Are there concurrency and scalabilty differences between the stateless injection approach (provided it would work) and the utility class approach?  Yes there are, primarily around the loss of management. The way you're instantiating  on every invocation of the method, there's no pooling involved. This is going to lead to you creating more instances than you probably need.  Another loss is on the scalability side. Where the container will manage the passivation and activation of your stateful bean in a distributed environment, the manual approach will see to it that you manage your own activation and passivation.   Since  is not a managed bean..   Incorrect. According to the CDI Spec, any java class that meets the listed criteria (in your case, a default no-arg constructor) is a managed bean. That means that you could   into  and the container would oblige. To allow this level of management, you'll need to set  in your beans.xml. Even with the (apparently needless) circular reference, normal Java concurrency rules apply: as long as the state that you're manipulating is not static or in a static class, you're threadsafe. Each threaded call to that static method still operates on a separate stack, so no problems there.   How can I make the EE injection approach work?   If you need on-demand instantiation of (or any other bean really), use the CDI  to programmatically obtain a managed instance of any class you want. You can now add something like this to :  ",,1,93,1,14,1,1
1142,How to playing random value in audio array as many time as I want,"I'm trying to play audio array list sequence but there are some conditions. The user would select dropdown for random questions and duration between each questions at first. And click play button to run. When playIndex increments to 3, its duration starts relying on user's dropdown. But it gives me undefined now. But it's working when playIndex = 4. Why's this? When playIndex increments to 8(after playing 7th element) and the amount of random questions is greater than 4, it will call random function to generate random values (number 4 to 7) for playIndex and play. But my code only does this once. Why's this??  I need to do as many time as the user want(dropdown 'numFollowUp') and minus 4 because in the first round, the code play from element 0 to 7, which I don't need to count the first 4 time(element 4 to 7). After playing all random question, the playIndex should be  Please let me know if I confuse you. Thank you so much for your help. ","I fully rewrote your code from scratch... A second time! I think that really is a nice project... And a nice coding challenge. On this second taught, I saw a couple issues in the first delaying ""concept"" using :  Audio lenghts longer than the timeout delay were cutted... Leaving no  timeout between the two files. Even if the audio wasn't longer than the delay, this delay was partially ""absorbed"" by the file length. Changing the ""scenario"", like by adding more random questions, needed tweeks in the code. The ""ending"" to be played after the random ""stage"" needed nested  for each ending file, which is horrible.  So I thought that to use  to check the ""actual time"" compared to the time the script sets to start the next audio (based on file duration + delay) at each iteration... Would be an idea. And it works! It simplified the code quite a lot. And all ""scenario"" infos are now in the object array. CodePen ",,1,234,1,43,1,1
1143,How can I make Set-Cookie warning disappear on MERN app?,"so I have an app made with the MERN stack, and I set up the next code on my server.js  But I keep seeing on chrome the warning ""A cookie associated with a cross-site resource at http://fontawesome.com/ was set without the  attribute."" Some of my CSS is not working after build, so I don't know if that could be the affecting in some ways.",The cookie is associated with the  domain which means they are responsible for updating this attribute. The team there is aware of this issue and has updated their code. You can take a look at this issue on their GitHub for more context.,,0,252,0,0,1,1
1144,Inconsistent Appearance in ASP.Net,"I'm having an issue with one of my webpages in my ASP.NET MVC Application. I have the HTML in Webstorm, and when I open it from there, it looks as intended. When I then copy over to the View in Visual Studio all of the Form controls are a mess. Even if I directly copy everything from Webstorm into the _layout.cshtml, leaving only the  and  links (and ) it's still completely off. The Form itself is just copied from getbootstrap.com so it should be just fine. I have no clue what the issue could be, I hope someone has an idea. Link so you can see the issue: https://imgur.com/a/bxFrr3P Markup from Webstorm:  ",Sounds like bootstrap isn't loading. I would reinstall bootstrap and/or check your package references. ,,0,32,0,0,1,0
1145,CsvHelper - Split output files,"I'm using Csv Helper to write out a Linq Query with million of rows. I would like to split the output by, for instance, 1 million of rows each. Could I do that or should I use other type of writting method?  Here is my code: ",You could use Linq to split the collection in to sub collections (chunks of size n). For example  Making it a Extension method  Client code ,,0,164,0,2,1,1
1146,Blpapi 'ignore_security_error=1' is an unexpected keyword,"I'm getting ""ref() got an unexpected keyword argument 'ignore_security_error'"" when using ignore_security_error=1 with Blpapi. I have some bad tickers in my list i want to ignore using ignore_security_error=1 but getting an error. tc3 is a ticker list generated from a .csv file.  any one else having this problem? ", Reference: xbbg,,1,74,0,0,1,1
1147,"How to force quirks mode on chrome ( ""BackCompat"" property on compatMode )?","I'm currently using selenium to run tests on a client's website ( old website that I don't have control and it will NOT be changed by the client). The problem is that a specific segment of the website only works if I'm using IE11 with document mode 5 (basically it changes rendering to quirks mode). I would not like to use IEDriver + macros , since I would need to rewrite everything for IE and would need to add another program for the macros. Is there any way to force the load of a page on chrome on quirks mode ? It can be via JS injection, chrome extension, selenium settings, doctype alteration before DOM rendering, etc. All answers I found would need total control of the website (changing doctype string). Thanks!",Got it working with an intermadiate proxy intercepting all chrome requests. Not the simplest or elegant solution but it works.,,0,52,0,0,0,0
1148,Unable to do bidirectional mapping using @OneToMany annotation with mappedBy in Spring Boot Application,"I'm tring to do OneToMany mapping with Person and CreditCard Class,One Person can Have multiple Credit Cards. This is My Person Class  This Is My Credit Card Class,In this i'm using assosication i'm want to add data from jsp pages for that i required Person Class object into CreditCard class also,And i want to complete this Application using Two Tables only.  Application.properties File  When i'm running the Application its Throwing me error like This : ",You miss the  Annotation on  ,,-1,72,0,0,1,1
1149,How do I add only the parameter value to the endpoint in camel?," I am new to Camel and I am struggling to find resources to append only the value of the parameter? For the current code, it will add ?Id=${property.POList} to the endpoint. I only want the value ${property.POList} to be added to the rest endpoint. Please advise the best course of action to adding only a value to the endpoint in Spring DSL. Thank you!","You're setting a special header called ""CamelHttpQuery"" which, when the exchange is passed to the CXFRS component will add its contents to the CXF URL as a HTTP query (that's why you're seeing the ? sign being automatically added). You could try using the header ""CamelHttpPath"" instead, which should set the resource path.",,0,31,0,0,1,0
1150,How should i use mockito for object inside objects and then value,"if i have code like this object1.object2.object3 and then object3 returning value. But problem is that i don't have Database connectivity to return that values and this objects are coming from import file(.jar), i need to test that objects return correct values or not.  can any help me to test this framework using mockito and junit.",lets take an example code  Now this code has to be refactored as  in your test case you can Mock the emp and adsress objects  ,,0,44,0,1,0,1
1151,Insert into mongodb freezing without error,"This is my database connection: app.js  And this is my  function:  And this is my user model: User.js  There is no error in terminal or browser. When I click the ""register"" button, the app will freeze and there is no error message at all. I already tested many tips concerning the database connection but couldn't solve the issue.","I find there are two order of problems in the proposed code, at least as we can read it in your question:  First, I can't find any binding between mongoose and the established mongodb connection Second, your route handler does not seem to return any status code / content to the  caller  So, for as I see it, you can  change connection setup as follows   in order to  bind mongoose  with MongoDb configuration  retust a status code, e.g. 201, when the new  has been saved:   This way I prevent the application hanging up on receiving request... I hope this can help you!",,0,38,0,0,1,1
1152,PHP - How to query multiple value of a JSON file?,"I am building a JSON backend with pure PHP and JS, no MySQKL involved, I would need to know if it's possible to query the same JSON key mode than once. So, here's my JSON file:  Here's my PHP script:  And here's my query URL that I paste in Chrome to test that PHP script:  Unfortunately, I get only the last array's object of my JSON file, which has """" as value for the """" key:  Instead, I would need to get the object that has """" as the value of the """" key together with the """" one, like this:  Is this possible? Am I doing something wrong in the code or maybe in the syntax of my query URL?","Thanks to the many comments on this question, I could solve the problem by using this code:  So, using a URL like this:  Makes me able to get the results I'm looking for.",,-1,64,0,1,1,1
1153,Does it make sense to host movies from a home LAMP server SQL database?,"First off, my apologies if the concept of this question makes no sense, as I am attempting to create my first SQL database. -Does it make sense to host movies from a home LAMP server SQL database? -If I decide to host videos from an SQL database via my Ubuntu 12.04 LAMP server, will I have advantages in performance?  -Will that include wireless/wired streaming over an Airport Extreme router (or in other words, over a network)?  The alternative would be a file share. I am aiming to learn some basic SQL setup and administration; I thought this might be an interesting and educational way to do it.",Start by researching how various home media solutions solve this problem.  Each has differing upsides and downsides.  Some focus on indexing and adding metadata to shared network drives then provide a browsing interface to it.  Others wholly encapsulate the media store and provide the media directly--sometimes by faking a file share which in reality is backed by the database.,,0,124,0,0,0,0
1154,keep header remain when navigating to different links of website,"How do we keep the header remain there even when navigating to different links within a site? ex flipkart.com, eemli.com - when you click the header links, the header gives a feeling that it remains but the page and URL changes. I understand if the header has dynammic ever-changing contents, this cannot be achieved.",Here is a good article showing some tecniques to achieve that... How can I change the page URL without refreshing the page?,0.0,-2,356,0,0,0,0
1155,ASP.NET MVC - Using XDocument - br tag displaying as text on screen,"I have an XML document which contains multiple properties and each property has a summary description node. The summary description nodes sometimes contain html  tags that I'd like to be used to actually create a line break on the page, but the  tags are currently being displayed as text. I'm currently using XDocument in the contr to grab the value of the summaryDescription node and then passing this to the view via a view model. XML  Controller  As you can see the summaryDescription xml node has two line breaks at the end but these are currently being displayed as text on the page. If anyone could help me with forcing the page to see the  tags as html tags, I'd be very grateful.  Thanks in advance!","In your razor view markup, use this Extension method, on your property.  ",,0,507,0,0,1,1
1156,Referring to text fields with tags,I have an app that makes 20 text fields that are called textField and have tags 1 to 20 assigned to them. I don't know what I should replace the ? with so the first textField gets selected when I open the app. ,"For this to work your tags need to be unique - I.e. The only subview with a tag of 1 is your first text field (it doesn't matter what type of view, no other can have the same tag):  Assuming that the text fields are all added to .",,0,38,0,0,1,1
1157,PhoneGap not working on iOS 5 device,"Hi i tried creating sample index.html with simple notification code from Docs Phonegap Notification .  I zipped the index file and uploaded it to build.phonegap.com with 2.9 version. The App is successfully installed on my iPad(iOS 5) but nothing happen when i click on Show Alert. I also tried adding phonegap 2.9.0 on my Sencha Touch 2 Application ,i build it as  native and installed it on my device but the app hangs on app Loading Indicator. Index.html code:  Any help is greatly appreciated. Update: Got things working when i add config.xml on the zip file. And added phonegap.js script inside the body tag before uploading it to build.phonegap. Thanks ",Got things working when i add config.xml on the zip file. And added phonegap.js script inside the body tag.  Thanks ,,1,616,0,0,1,0
1158,AngularJS function undefined when uncommenting it,"I have some weird problems related with defintion of method inside scope. Once it's defined, and when I want to call it (just by entering it into code) it disappears. I have this part of code  Now something weird happens. Can you see:  When I have:  commented I can see method in firebug, when I uncomment it, it gets undefined... Anybody had some similar issues? Note:  Is this method: ","Found the issue. The thing is that  was defined after the logic calling it. However, I didn't noticed that when I didn't have else part. When it was without if-else, it was working fine even though method was defined ""under"" the logic calling it. This solved the issue.",,0,375,0,0,1,1
1159,PHP PDO_ODBC configure: error: C compiler cannot create executables,I am trying to install PHP PDO_ODBC which i downloaded from PECL and i get the following error while running the configure command using  I am running the command as root and i am on a   Linux trisquel6 3.2.0-52-generic-pae #0trisquel1 SMP Thu Aug 22   22:04:28 UTC 2013 i686 i686 i386 GNU/Linux  My config.log file is pasted below ,The answer to this question is provided in this link configure: error: C compiler cannot create executables when installing Ruby 1.9.3 doing   and then  Works perfectly!,,0,1507,0,0,1,1
1160,updater function with air framework,this is for flash CS6 AS3 AIR Seriously I've been searching for 3 days straight  found these among others. http://gregsramblings.com/2008/08/16/adding-auto-update-features-to-your-air-application-in-3-easy-steps/ http://www.adobe.com/devnet/air/articles/air_update_framework.html but they all output errors like  not all have this specific error but they all have a definition error. Apart from that they are doing a lot of things in the tutorial that I simply don't need. I already made a version detector and right now it's downloading the air file to the desktop but I need something more practical. is there  something like  - which just start the air updateframework to update from the .air file at the refered address. or even a download command that tells me where the user downloaded the file to so I can execute the file and terminate the program. like  or link me to a tutorial that has working code.,"Okay, so my problem here actually boiled down to finding ""applicationupdater.swc"" and how to import it. It's found at ""C:\Program Files (x86)\Adobe\Adobe Flash CS6\AIR3.2\frameworks\libs\air"" on my machine One can import it by going to ""publish settings"" and click the wrench key next to ""script: ActionScript 3.0"" and going to the library path clicking the little red f on white background.",,-1,102,0,0,1,0
1161,Reload all UIImageViews on current screen,"I'm making an iOS app that shows profile images of friended users on a single page. There might be more than one identical profile image for each user displayed on the same page at any one time. The images are subviews of various custom views. Long pressing on one of the images allows the user to change it. After they have done so, all identical profile images on that page (x number of images) should be changed to the new image. How can I get all UIImageViews on the page that contain the same profile image to update, without having to set each one individually? Ideally, I would like to 'reload' the view controller, but I can't find a way to do this. I have tried using setNeedsDisplay(), but it doesn't work. I'm new to iOS development.","OK, I solved this by subclassing UIImageView and adding a 'user' instance property and an array of all initialized instances as a static property. Now when a profile image is changed in one imageView, I can iterate over all instances and swap out any that belong to the same user.",,0,21,0,0,0,0
1162,What is the best way for a Pyhton script to communicate with a Python Flask server that transports content to the client?,"The following scenario: I have a Raspberry Pi running as a server. Currently I am using a Pyhton script with Flask and I can also access the Raspberry Pi from my PC. (The flask server runs an react app.) But the function should be extended. It should look like the following: 2nd Python script is running all the time. This Python script fetches data from an external API every second and processes it. If certain conditions are met, the data should be processed and then the data should be communicated to the Pyhton Flask server. And the Flask server then forwards the data to the website running on the computer. How or which method is best to program this ""interprocess communication"". Are there any libraries? I tried Celery, but then it throws up my second Pyhton script whenever I want to access the external API, so I don't know if this is the right choice. What else would be the best approach? Threading? Direct interprocess communication? If important, this is how my server application looks so far: ",Well i found a solution for my specific problem i implemented it with a thread as follows: ,,0,34,0,0,1,1
1163,CSS Grid Media Query not working (Beginner),"The standard Pc pixel version is working fine! Pc Version image. The mobile version the right sidebar should go under the content but its still on the right Mobile version, and i do not know what seems to be the problem,in the home.css media query grid-template-areas i guess im missing something, im new on Css Grid  home.css    home.blade.php:  ",I made a demo of what you want in code pen. grid demo resize the browser to see grid changes in different media query. ,,0,34,0,0,1,1
1164,How do I get my JSON decoder to work properly?,"I was working on API testing, and I tried everything but it would not print the JSON file into a string. I was wondering if it was the website I was testing the API requests from as I kept getting a 406 error. I even tried taking code from online that shows how to do this but it still would not print and it would give the error listed below. Here I give the code I used and the response Pycharm's console gave me. ",REST API's vary widely in the types of requests they will accept. 406 means that you didn't give enough information for the server to format a response. You should include a user agent because API's are frequently tweaked to deal with the foibles of various http clients and specifically list the format of the output you want. Adding acceptable encodings lets the API compress data. Charset is a good idea. You could even add a language request but most API's don't care.  The thing about REST API's is that they may ignore some or part of the header and return what they please. Its a good idea to form the request properly anyway.,,0,47,0,1,1,1
1165,Get posts count inside WooCommerce product category page loop,"I'm trying to get the posts count inside my product category page loop (Woocommerce), but it just doesn't work. Does anyone knows why? Woocommerce uses the same file archive-product.php for displaying both Shop Page and Product Category Page. In my archive-product.php, I passed the value to a variable using a Woocommerce function before the loop starts:  Inside the content-product.php, I call the variable and then I use it to add an inline z-index to each post, decreasing it at each post.  For the Shop Page it works perfectly, but for the Product Categories pages it just doesn't work, the variable comes empty. If I echo the variable before the loop starts in my archive-product.php it shows the post count from the category, so it's working fine for both pages. But I just can't get the variable inside the loop, specifically in the Categories Pages. Does anyone knows why this is happening? Am I doing something wrong?","Well, I finally found a solution for my problem. What I did was adapting my code and create the woocommerce.php in my theme's directory instead of overriding the archive-product.php. And then the file finally got the variable for the product category pages too. I have no idea of why this happened.",,1,56,0,0,1,0
1166,Positioning of list/accordion above a button?(Semantic UI),"https://codesandbox.io/s/semantic-ui-react-8mfdn << a rough code sandbox The accordion overflows the left bar behind the button. I tried inserting  in Accordion or List, but that moves the whole list up. Is there a way to make the bottom of the accordion above the top of the button, i.e. make the displayed list shorter?",Something like this? I just gave it a height (obviously you can increase it to fit your needs) and when the content overflows a vertical scrollbar appears.,,0,34,0,1,1,0
1167,I want make this curve in the container,"This image show what I want to do ,, I used container and made border radius to bottom right and this is ok , but in bottom left I don’t know how to make this curve ",You can easily do it using CustomPainter. Please check the following example.   You can read about it more here,,-3,57,0,0,0,1
1168,Store local intermediate result of 'rpop' in redis lua script, Above I am attempting to implement a durable queue using redis.  I need this portion of the logic to be atomic but seeing as redis transactions don't allow intermediate reads and writes I had to resort to lua.  The problem is that the initial 'rpop' line does not work.  I verified in my redis-cli that it returns (nil) and therefore the 'saved_item' variable is never set correctly.  Is there a better approach to accomplish that intermediate read and then conditional logic using that value?,"As a newcomer to lua, I had to hack at this till it worked and still haven't figured out why without combing through lua docs.  The key was to create a local function to return the rpop item from that and store it in a local variable rather than try directly.  Something to do with Lua return values. ",,0,34,0,0,1,1
1169,Hilt - EntryPoint in Fragment,"I am using Hilt for DI and I have this class.  This class needs to be injected in fragment , without marking the fragment as  as this fragment can be attached to activity which isn't marked as  How can i achieve this. I tried using EntryPoint  but i end up with error.   Solved it by adding it into the application container. ",If you don't want to use  for your  you need to  your module (containing your dependency) within a different . E.g. within the  not the . Then you will also need to use the corresponding  method. E.g. for a module installed in the  you should be using .,,1,42,0,3,1,1
1170,Facebook Embed video events?,is it possible to get events from Facebook video JavaScript api? i couldn't find a way to do it here: https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/embedded-video-player ,Unfortunately that's not possible. Embedded video plugin only allows you to embed a Facebook video externally but not to interact with the video itself.,,0,174,0,0,0,0
1171,Passing raw params to angular,I am building a small mobile app blog with ionic and angular but when i try to make a resource query with manually injected params i have a bad url string. meaning angular is not passing my syntax correctly or i am making a bad mistake. Here is my code  and the error log show the bellow error  which simply means that it did not translate the url correctly. How can i fix this so the url can be in the bellow format  I am new to angular trying to simulate an entire wordpress blog with angular.,"I was able to figure the right syntax by using the code below,  ",,0,188,0,0,1,1
1172,Error:Execution failed for task ':app:dexDebug',"i'm trying to include to my Android Studio project two Spring library:  Gradle build returns me these stacktrace error:  I know that Gradle doesn't like too many packages included to projects, but I need them all to correctly run my android application. ","problem solved, it seems problem was caused by a conflict with log4j compiled by gradle too. I removed it cause i didn't really need that library.",1.0,3,3187,0,0,1,0
1173,Not able to fetch the value while using ng-include?,My Employee.cshtml  EmployeeDepartmentOperations.html  And the controller  But I am not able to get the $scope.EmployeeId. It is coming as undefined.  Why?What mistake I am doing?,Yes both @Alex and @Nitsan pointed me in the right direction. I need to do  Thanks to both of you.,,0,54,0,0,1,1
1174,Adobe PDF Distributed Form- changing the collection email mailbox,"When using Adobe PDF distributed forms, how does one update the email mailbox to which the responses are sent?  It seems to be using my personal email address as the default but this form's data needs to go to a different mailbox. In other words, I can't figure out how to change the return address. I do not see this question anywhere on the web.  Thank you for your help.",You would change the Identity preferences before Distributing the form. The eMail address for returning is taken from that preference setting.,,0,242,0,0,0,0
1175,Session becomes null in different thread,I have a task that runs in a different thread and requires the session. I've done:  and  Now the thread has knowledge of the session and it works for a while but at some point in my loop  becomes null. Any ideas what can I do about this? ,"In general, this is a very fragile pattern for a multi-threaded operation.  Long-running tasks (which I assume this is) are best suited to instance methods in a class rather than static methods such that the class can maintain any dependent objects.  Also, since the session state is not thread safe and can span multiple requests you are getting into some very risky business by cashing your DB context in the session at all. If you are convinced this is best done with static methods and stored in the session, you may be able to do something like this:  Then:  Note that you could still run into issues with the session since other threads could still modify the session. A better solution would probably look something like this:  Then your calling code looks like this:  If you really want to cache something, you could cache your instance like this:  However, I still don't think that is a particularly good idea since your context could still be disposed or otherwise altered by a different thread.",,0,1084,0,0,1,1
1176,SQL statement is executed but not effectuated,"Website with an underlying SQL 2012 database: An ALTER TABLE for adding a column is executed. The website is setup for using an SQL-account (we'll call it myAccount), and this account is db_owner. The statement is  The ALTER TABLE statement is registered by SQL Profiler with a BatchCompleted. But refreshing the table, the column has not been created. Also  does not give any records. BUT: Going to SQL Management Studio, using the before mentioned SQL-account ""myAccount"", and executing the same ALTER TABLE from here, the column is created just fine..? Any clues? I'm totally lost here. Thanx in advance for your input. -- RESOLVED -- Profiler got the batch, but it was never committed. Best regards Morten Snedker",I think this is the Issue of uncommitted transaction you have to commit your transaction after Alter table statement executed .,,3,296,0,0,1,0
1177,Get objects from MongoDB document where an authenticated user is listed/associated,"I have a MongoDB that contains 2 documents -  and . The User document contains the data related to the app users - ie. user accounts. The Clinic document contains information related to a clinic, which includes a list of providers, where the providers are references to the  model. The schema for these models are below. User.model.js  Clinic.model.js  On the front end I have the users 'profile' where they view their information. To populate this view, I have a GET route on the backend that serves the user's data (note: they must be logged in to access). Before the data is sent from the backend, I want to find what Clinics the user is a provider for (ie. clinic objects where they are in the  array) and add this to the JSON response. Adding the data to the JSON res is easy, but I am struggling to workout how to look through the  entries and return the clinic objects where  Current route  In the code above, the  returns an empty array. How can I get this route to  so that  is an array of  objects where the user is in the clinics ? Note: the console.log() will later be replaced with the logic to append the array to the object that gets returned as JSON.","I'd say your s don't work properly, and there are several issues:  your filtering functions don't  a value to be evaluated as truthy or falsy by : so, implicitly, these functions always , which is falsy, which leads to no element being validated by  (i.e. empty array) you test  whereas you probably meant  (by the way,  is certainly already a string) you don't really provide a filtering test (independently from the missing ) for the function used at , I suppose it would be something like  - alternatively you could use  which would be more adequate for this purpose  In the end, you'd have something like:  However, this job could be done more easily. You could use MongoDB to sort the data for you instead of retrieving the whole collection. This should work: ",,0,65,0,0,1,1
1178,"In android, what should I do if I run network request in thread but don't want to refresh UI until response comes back?","Like I need to check whether a username already existed in database, and the program won't continue until response arrives.","it seems you need asynctask, this is an example how to use it..  and this is the asynctask; ",,1,40,0,2,0,1
1179,How to change color of textInputlayout when it's clicked,"I have a textInputLayout which uses my theme's  but when tapped, the line and hint text changes to my theme's  which I'd like to change. \  XML Code  Style code ",First way Its sync with your  in colors You can change your  to any color you want. Second way : You can customize colorAccent` in your style then use it in your textInputLayout like this : ,,1,46,0,3,1,1
1180,How to set Russian Language over Locale in android? Android App Localization,"My app supports 3 languages (English, German, Russian). I use for language settings a LocaleHelper class and set language as follows:  Everything works fine for English and German. But doesn't for Russian one. I also changed the input for Locale in the LocaleHelper class according to the first answer of this post as follows:  How can I get it run for Russian language. When the user selects it, the app changes the language to English instead. Many thanks in advance!",I found the problem! I changed the  to  and removed  after the second  statement,,0,598,0,0,1,1
1181,How to find string with regex.compile and ignore everything what goes after that string,I am practicing regex and right now I have made this sample :   My question is how to ignore in compile everything what goes after '_A' and get result in subbed - 'test_obj_B'.,You could just replace everything after  with  ,,0,28,0,0,1,1
1182,BroadcastReceiver ClassNotFoundException Xamarin Android,"I am getting  when trying to run the below code to start . there is a  and a  to it, when i click the button the notification will close, but it is giving the below exception. and i have created the  for  and above in  method too  BroadCastReceiver Class:  Manifest:  Exception: ",Removed  tag from  file and added the  and   to the  Removed the below tag from Manifest file  Added Attributes to BroadcastReceiver class: ,,0,121,0,0,1,1
1183,SQL Query: Product name and quantity offered in each city,"I need this to return a total quantity offered for each product in each city, but I'm missing something:   The results are coming out like this:   I think I need to use DISTINCT.  Would someone be able to help me with this, please?",You need to remove:  from grouping. This is what you need to group:  Then you aggregate for .,,0,44,0,0,1,1
1184,uploading file with multer,"I am a js-newbie and I am currently trying to use multer to upload some files. Here is my code:  When I send a post-req with a file (form-data), then I get a success message, however the folder with the file is not created: post request EDIT: I managed to upload the file... I had to change the path of the uploads directory in the code like this:  However the uploads directory hast to be created manually, it is not being created automatically if it is missing...how do I solve this problem?",You can check this issue out: https://github.com/expressjs/multer/issues/287 It says you should create a directory in 'destination' or as pre-requirements.,,0,73,0,0,1,0
1185,I have short the URL Using .htaccess but every shortened URL goes to the same page,Let first read the code I have written in  file.  I have used  for URL shortening. the first  is used to shorten the URL of the  to this URL  and when I go to that URL it successfully goes to the . The Second  is used to shorten the URL of the  to this URL . but when I go to this URL it also Shows the  page. Not showing the  page.,You have to use different url for different pages:  It will redirect you on right pages.,,1,32,0,0,1,1
1186,Error while publishing asp.net MVC3 application,"I'm trying to publish mvc 3 application and  I had followed below instruction  http://www.hanselman.com/blog/BINDeployingASPNETMVC3WithRazorToAWindowsServerWithoutMVCInstalled.aspx  but I got following error  and full error stack is:  seems, trying to access private member/function , but this is running on my local. I had install .net 4.0 on my server.","I am on full of abstraction till yet, although I got solution by downloading .net framework 4.0 and install it. may I was using old .net framework.",,0,811,0,0,1,0
1187,How to get single table inheritance for a single class hierarchy,"I use FluentNHibernate with AutoMapping to map my persistent classes. The default Table per Sub-Class mapping works fine for almost all of my class hierarchies, except one:  Here I have an abstract base class “A”, A has all the data fields needed.  The Subclasses “B” , “C”, … “X” differ only in behavior.  “Table per Class” would lead to a lot of unwanted tables. I want to create an Override Class to create a single table A ( I can do this with an IncludeBaseClass Override. But how do I set up the Discriminator Override class which places all the sub-classes in this table as well? The fluent documentation suggests the following:  I thinik this would boildown to this for my case:  But what would be the Override class to place this method in?",The “IsDiscriminated” method is part of the “DefaultAutomappingConfiguration” class. By overriding this class you can alter the way classes are mapped:  Note: The ShouldMap is overriden aswell as the use of this configuration class prevents the usage of the “Where” clause in the mapping  It is passed to the mapping process like so:             ,,0,964,0,0,1,1
1188,How can I use OLEDB to populate listview from a .XLS file,"Hi I have a small problem. I am coding a program that displays the columns of an Excel file file and next to it the columns of an Access database in two seperate listviews. You select the sheet and table to display with a combo box. The Access columns display fine but the columns of the Excel sheet won't display no matter what I do but the sheets appear in the combo box without any problems but the columns won't appear no matter what I do. Is there any specific way that I can do this that works because I couldn't find anything on the Internet. This is the part that is supposed to insert it     {  Another part also that I may have messed up it worked for access but not for excel. I also modified the Select statement little  private void cboSourceName_SelectedIndexChanged(object sender, EventArgs e)         {             // create the adapter and fill the DataSet  And also the connect part  private void btnConnectSource_Click(object sender, EventArgs e)         {             try             { ",Listview is not a great idea to use in this case. The best way to do it is to populate your data from Excel into a Datagrid,1.0,0,688,0,0,1,0
1189,SQL Stored procedure,"I have 3 tables:   from which a list of all images will be obtained A  table from which User ID will be obtained and an association table of Image and Member called .  My work flow is that a user can upload image and this will be stored in to image table. Then all users can view this image and select one of three choice provided along with the image. If user selects an option it will be added to Association table. No user can watch same image more than once. So multiple entries will not be there. Now I want to find the % of match by getting the list of members choose the same option and different option corresponding to all common images for which they have provided their option. I.e. say if 3 users say A, B and C view an image of tajmahal. If A and B opted beautiful as choice and C as ""Not Good "". For another image say Indian Flag A B and C opted same as Salute. Then for User A: B have 100 % match (since they selected same option both times). For A : C have 50% match one among 2 same.  So this is my scenario, in which I have to find all matched corresponding to currently logged in User. Please help me.... I am totally disturbed with this procedure.","I have made some assumptions about the actual structure of your tables, but if I understand what you are looking for then I think this query will get the results you are wanting.  You may have to make a few modifications to match your table structures.  @UserId could be passed as an input to the stored procedure. The 1st CROSS APPLY ""ratings"" is getting a count of for the total number of ratings for the logged in user. The 2nd CROSS APPLY ""matches"" is getting a count of the number of like ratings for the other users in the database. The result set uses the counts calculated by the two CROSS APPLY queries to compute the match percentage between the logged in user and the other users who have rated the same images as the logged in user.",,4,299,0,0,1,1
1190,Splitting music file into chunks,How would you go about splitting a music file (preferably mp3) into chunks? I am using the SDL_mixer API. There may be some useful functions in there but I couldn't find any. The purpose is to use FFT on each chunk to get the frequencies to use in visualization.,"I see now that the SDL_mixer library isn't going to give you what you want. Its support for ""music"" (MP3) plays the file externally from the mixer, so apart from volume and position controls that the API provides, you can't insert yourself into its audio stream. If you were using  objects instead to take advantage of the channel mixer, you would be able to add yourself as an effect on the channel that's streaming the music, using . Another place you could insert yourself is after the mix, using , if you wanted to visualize the final mix of chunks instead of an individual channel or channels. However, those chunks are best suited for short sounds, as they are loaded entirely into memory rather than streamed – and they don't currently support MP3. If you're committed to using SDL, consider using SDL_sound for this task. This is another extension to SDL, which handles just the decoding of files. It hands you data a chunk at a time when you use . You can then take the decoded data and pass it to the mixer by using  to keep a stream-like approach. Or, you could even load the whole file with , and fill in a  directly, if you want to take advantage of the mixer and effect functions, at the expense of streaming. Things to watch out for:  Make sure the audio is decoded in the output format that the mixer expects. Look out for any case where the decoder can't keep up with the mixer on occasion – in which case you'd need to come up with a separate process for the decoding so that you can stream in ahead of where the mixer is and handle occasional bumps in reading without glitching. There may be cases where the chunk size you get from the decoder is not the chunk size you want for analysis. You might be able to use  to simplify this problem. ",,1,603,0,0,0,1
1191,Setup and deployment project doesnt create shorcuts after installation!,"I have created a project and made it to install using setup and deployment wizard. When i install it in my PC, it installs properly and creates shortcuts in desktop and startmenu. But when i install it in remote PC which is in Brazil. Shortcuts are not created and i cant see it in start menu also. Operating system for both systems is same Win XP SP3. Any ideas why this is happening? Edit: The remote system language is Brazil","The simplest answer I can think of is that the icons are installed under another profile instead of for all users.  Can you search under the ""Documents and Settings"" folder for your icons?  That would tell you if they were installed under someone else (maybe the account you use to install the package. Another thing to check is to be sure your computer didn't have icons before you installed it.  If you have been using your PC to test the installation, maybe a previous one left the icons there and it is masking the fact that you aren't really installing the icons anywhere. Finally, check your permissions for the computer in Brazil.  Maybe you don't have administrative rights to write to the ""All Users"" locations.  It could be you have permissions to install your application (especially if you aren't installing it in ""Program Files"" but it is possible even if you have those rights) but you don't have rights to those folders.",,0,126,0,0,0,0
1192,How to retrieve a list of updated messages via IMAP,"This seems like a straightforward question, but I haven't had any good answers from the IMAP RFC or anything I've been able to Google I'm writing an IMAP client which periodically polls large mailboxes every few minutes. While being able to figure out which messages are new is easy enough by using UIDNEXT, what I would also like to do is track other events such as if a message has been read or unread, or if it has been deleted. Since the polling I am doing is frequent, and the mailboxes are large, I would ideally like to simply retrieve a list of deltas since the last update, rather than download an entire mailbox and then compare.",instead of reconnecting and polling everytime you could keep the connection open and tell the imap server to push the mailbox changes using the IDLE or NOTIFY IMAP Extension,1.0,1,162,0,0,0,0
1193,c# accessing Outlook calendar from a custom Excel add-in,Is it possible to create an add-in for Excel which accesses/imports a calendar from Outlook?  I am using c# in Visual Studio 2010.,"it is possible - Excel Add-In is a DLL library and you can do almost everything there. (I believe you already seen the MSDN page about developing add-ins: http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/bb157876.aspx). On the Outlook side, it is a bit more complicated, but Calendar folder is accessible via Outlook Interop and folder hierarchy. See http://support.microsoft.com/?kbid=310244 and http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/microsoft.office.interop.outlook.folder.aspx HTH",,0,553,0,0,0,0
1194,How can I change paragraph order using jQuery?,on this registration page http://energies2050.org/wp-login.php?action=register i would like to change the order of the paragraphs to be: Identifiant Civilite :  First Name:  Last Name: E-mail Telephone:  About Yourself:  Motivation pour participer au Forum:  Sujets que vous aimeriez voir sur le Forum:  Password:  Confirm Password:  Disclaimer  Would that be doable in jQuery?,What i did  ,,0,179,0,0,0,1
1195,permalinks in wordpress,"I just moved my wordpress blog from one host to another but permalink is giving trouble. Other than the homepage, other pages give a page not found error. I edited the htaccess as per instructions  I even tried deleting the htaccess and rewriting but to no avail. P.S : htaccess and Mod Rewriteare both enabled in Apache's conf Regards, Loveleen",I found the solution. Everything else was tried but still it didnt work. Later i realized that I had to make a Virtual DIrectory in apache for folder wdmgroup which I had directly placed inside the www folder.,,0,209,0,0,1,0
1196,"how to bind asp.net controls using a self join and items tables ""hierarchically structure""?","I have the following tables: 1-Categories: -CategoryID -CategoryName -ParentID  2-Items: -ItemId -ItemName -CategoryID  categories can be in a hierarchically view, with many children categories inside each other. And any the last child category can have items, so just the last category child will show items under it. The view will be like a treeview and when clicking on an item it will go to a new page.  I wrote it like this:    but this represent a one level structure, My question is how to make it as a tree view?",This is going to be complicated with a repeater if you don't know how deep the hierarchy goes. Why don't you just use an asp.net TreeView?  http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/system.web.ui.webcontrols.treeview.aspx  You can use asp.net ajax and an updatepanel to achieve the effect you want without writing any javascript yourself.,,3,1516,0,0,1,0
1197,Dual colour in one label in flex 3,"I was just wondering if you can get two colours in a label so i can have some of the text white and some red. I have been looking online and have not found anything. However, I though here would be a more appropriate place to ask. If not i will just use two labels. But any input is appreciated. Regards Mark",I seriously doubt that's possible.,,0,134,0,0,0,0
1198,GUI app spawned from a LocalSystem Service (via CreateProcessAsUser) does not have focus,"I have created a service which display a sort of splash screen on the desktop of a specific user and only when that user is logged in (kiosk user). That splash screen, once entered a valid code, will tell that to the service and the service goes to sleep for an x amount of time (depending of the code). The splash screen simply quits. Now when the service wakes up it sees that the splash is no longer there and so start it up. This all is working, the only problem is that the launched application does not have focus, i.e. if I am working in notepad and the time is up, the splash screen is displayed (full screen though) behind notepad. I only have to worry about Windows Vista, I am coding in Python using win32 extensions but I believe this problem lies in CreateProcessAsUser when called from the LocalSystem account.  Update: The 'problem' is actually an on purpose limitation to prevent 'irritating' applications like mine from stealing focus. You can change the behaviour by setting: win32gui.SystemParametersInfo(win32con.SPI_SETFOREGROUNDLOCKTIMEOUT, 0, 0) which is equivalent in temporarily setting the registry value: HKEY_CURRENT_USER\Control Panel\Desktop\ForegroundLockTimeout This must be done as the user itself, so either build it in the app you are launching or build an launching helper for the app you want to launch. However an application might want to prevent getting it's focus stolen by using some API call which I don't remember right now. A probably good solution would be to find all window handles currently from that user and then use each of these handles to use win32gui.ShowWindow(handle, command) to minimize it. Although for this particular problem setting the locktimeout setting was enough. If anyone wonders how I managed to launch an application to a desktop from a service, here is a link to the code.","For various very legitimated reasons, Microsoft would rather not see a service launching an app and stealing focus, however I found the following work around to still accomplish what I want. The original intend is to have a kiosk like application hindered by a pass code like splash screen, which upon entering a 8 character code closes the splash screen for a period time as in the pass code defined. Originally the actual application to use was started by the autostart folder. However I now rewrote it that it is launched from my service, this way I can hide the application by launching an helper application from the service that just hides the program and launches the splash screen, upon exiting the splash screen the program is returned to the previous state.",,1,766,0,0,0,0
1199,How can I draw a patternBrush with transparent backround (GDI)?,I can't draw a pattern with a transparent background. This is my snippet :  The doc on msdn doesn't mention anything about transparency. I guess this mode could be used? Or is this a bug ? Thanks!,Mode  means that background will not be filled before your brush is drawn. But your brush does not contain any transparent pixels in it and it redraws background pixels anyway. Fourth argument in  was set to 1 in your sample. That means bitmap is monochrome. You need to use 32-bit bitmap to use transparency in brushes. GDI supports transparency with some limits. Use GDI+ for full transparency support.,,0,2180,0,0,1,1
1200,Is it possible to roll my own Amazon Machine Image with a pre-Windows 2003 OS?,"I've been researching EC2 over at Amazon Web Services and the website notes:    ""You are also empowered to use our   bundling tools to upload your own   operating systems.""  Now I've been trying to find out if the only Windows version that is supported is Windows Server 2003 or if I would be able to virtualize an older version of Windows and mash it into an AMI? Is that possible? Has anyone achieved it? Thanks for all help you SOer's can provide. Joe",EC2 only allows you to bundle your own open source *nix operating systems.  They won't let you run your own copy of Windows because of licensing issues.,,0,165,0,0,0,0
1201,How to update two components when edit?,I have two components. The first component contains a form and an update button. And in the second component there is some information that should just change during the update. So how can I add  to  if they are in different components? component.ts 1:  component.ts 2: ,You can acheive this using  that allows you to have access of the members of another component. So in your  you can do like this ,,0,25,0,0,1,1
1202,How to print the Controller method name in @ControllerAdvice?,"I went through link: How to find controller name in @controllerAdvice or @RestControllerAdvice in Spring MVC? many times, but I am looking to get the Controller methodname in @ControllerAdvice class. Here is my CustomHandler Class. "," should give you this information. Quoting the documentation:  Encapsulates information about a handler method consisting of a method and a bean. Provides convenient access to method parameters, the method return value, method annotations, etc.  So you can use: ",,0,93,0,0,1,1
1203,AWS account Billing for Alexa Skills,"I have just created AWS and amazon developer account for creating skills, but Amazon saved billing information. Will I be charged for creating Lambda functions to map with my custom skills, I will just be using my account for creating simple skills.","No, with simple skills without a large number of users you don't have to worry because AWS gives you some free Lambda requests per month. But if you only have to create simple skills, you can use Alexa Hosted Skills without using an AWS account",,0,31,0,0,0,0
1204,React-native question about app.js main class/function,"I'm a beginner in RN and I have only basic JS knowledge, but I need to make a small project in React Native. I've bought a tutorial but I have problem on start. On the RN wiki, hello world is written like that:  but instructor in my tutorial does like this:  The result is similar. I understand render() is inner class function and works like default function. Is that correct understanding? If it is, why some people use that and other doesn't. What is difference between these solutions? Does it unlock some options which I don't understand yet?","This is a difference between class (1st option) and functional components (2nd in your example). This is basically up to a programmer to choose the style he likes mosts, with both having benefits and downsides.  If you're new to React, I'd suggest just using any one style that's easier for you to understand. If you want to know the difference in more details, here's a good article about it.",,0,38,0,0,1,0
1205,Accessing nested JSON data in React,"Link to app: https://boiling-coast-12353.herokuapp.com/ Bear in mind this is for an assignment that does not require components yet (but will) What I have so far works, but now I would like to transform my data by using a nested JSON. Currently so I have JSON data that looks like this:  which I access to generate buttons and generates divs for each object in the array respectively:  The new data set I'd like to work with I've organized like this:  And I would like to pass the year/label for array into a select drop down menu:  Method Im using so far that gets the year value from the dropdown:  I figured out how to access the new nested data set using sub, but I don't know how to link the selected year from the drop down menu to the info for each year: ", is this what you looking for?,1.0,0,156,0,4,1,1
1206,Can't select value of a Dynamically created Combobox at runtime unless using timer,"I create N combobox at runtime and i bind them to different datatables, when i try to select their value at runtime but it's like they haven't loaded any value yet, i can accomplish this task only by using a timer that triggers another event but i can't do this way. If it can help the combobox are created inside of a custom class panel. Edit1: Also tryied using a delegate Works  Doesn't work  KeyPressEvent  ChangeDisplayMemberByName  any suggestion on how accomplish that task?",Solved by using a delegate into the Form.Load event,,0,28,0,0,1,0
1207,How to run many SVM Models with SAS Code?,"I'm working in Enterprise Miner, and saw this video from SAS, in which he briefly shows a SAS Code node to run a bunch of SVM Models.  He didn't show the whole thing, but enough to get me curious about how to do this. Here's what I was able to get so far:  A few things to note about this:  I'm using the MillionSongDataset from UCI (but let me know how to output data to a good format for SO, and I'll add some here) This should run using data from the previous node (Data Partition) The only error I can make out is something about not having quotes or semi-colons in the right place, but everything looks ok to me (with almost no SAS Coding experience). He did not show the remaining 1/5th of the code.  I'm looking to run many SVM Models to try different combinations of options to find the best model.",SAS actually emailed me the code! ,,-1,928,0,0,1,1
1208,"""Uncaught SyntaxError: missing ) after argument list"" vs ""Unexpected token }""","I have jquery code that dynamically writes HTML. I was originally getting a ""missing ) after argument list"" error with the following code to my index.html file:  After reading various posts, I thought that it might be because I'm passing in strings to the function without quotes around them? So I have done:   However, now I get ""Uncaught SyntaxError: Unexpected token }"". More interestingly, it seems to give this error with a single (seemingly) random line each time. So far its claimed these lines have respectively caused the exception    in my index.html file. Even more strangely, the javascript that I'm struggling with is not housed in this js file. full postRides.js:  index.html:    ",It was a syntax error (or an escape nightmare one might say). here is the answer: ,,0,733,0,0,1,1
1209,Replace excel column values by values in another file,"I have a excel file with these columns: v1,v2,commID  I have another file with columns: Index, Name  Now I want to replace v1 and v2 with corresponding names by referring to second file and write it in a new file.The format is v1,v2,commID, but this time v1 and v2 should be names whereas commID should be the same numbers. I can do it in excel or python or matlab.","I propose you two solutions: one for Excel and one for Matlab. Pick the one you prefer (if you don't need to process data with Matlab, I recommend you to go for the first solution and stick on Excel). EXCEL Sticking on Excel in order solve this problem, I would go for a manual approach. The only function you would have to use, in this case, is VLOOKUP. Let's see how to proceed step by step:  Create a new Excel file. Open the first file (the one with ,  and  columns) and copy-paste its content in the first sheet of the new file. Open the second file (the one with  and ) and copy-paste its content in the second sheet of the new file. Go back to the first sheet. Insert the string  in column  row  (for replicating the header). Insert the following formula in column  row :  and replicate it down to the bottom. Insert the string  in column  row  (for replicating the header). Insert the following formula in column  row :  and replicate it down to the bottom. Select the whole  and  columns (the remapped  and ) and copy their content (). Now, select the whole  and  columns (the old  and ) and paste the previously copied content in place (use the  special feature from the context menu). Remove the last two columns of the sheet. Delete the second and the third sheets. Save your file.  MATLAB Since your problem is very close to a  join operation, I would go for tables (obtained by parsing the Excel files using the readtable function) and the built-in join function:  Let's suppose the content of the first file () is:  and the content of the second file () is:  Then the final output would be: ",,0,268,0,0,0,1
1210,How to get Comma separated Values IN SQL from 2 different tables using isnull stuff,"Hi i have 2 different table ""Users"" and ""UsersReportsTo""  there are two column as foreign key in UsersReportsTo Table column1 = Userid and column2 = ReportsTo, both contains userids The result i want is comma separated email id of reportsto  please see the image  one user can report to multiple users like one teamleader to multiple assistance i have tried below query but i am not getting proper result  if i want Reportsto for UserId =3  Expected Result :-  ","Thankyou for all your help. I figured it out , selection of email id would be from users table my query was wrong now i found it, below is what i did. select isnull(stuff((select',' + Email                      from Users                      left join UsersReportsTo  WITH (NOLOCK) on UsersReportsTo.ReportsTo = Users.UserID                      where  Users.active = 1 and UsersReportsTo.userID = 425                      for xml path('')), 1, 1, ''),'') as reptoemail ",,0,113,0,0,1,0
1211,What is the most reliable react native map libary that I can use for my project and work for both ios and android,I am working on a react native app (detached) and I am a bit confused on what library or how do I easily integrate maps on my react native. I went thru documentation on https://docs.expo.io/versions/latest/sdk/map-view and then they suggest to use https://github.com/react-community/react-native-maps but then I read that this module is somehow not compatible with all versions of react native. Do you know any library that you can suggest me for maps that works for both IOS and Android?,"Airbnb's maps are the most reliable you can use, I have used it in Carpooling project and lots more. It may have some issues, but you can always fix them. Its not like you will get stuck anywhere.",,-1,45,0,0,0,0
1212,Why these lines are necessary for swing application?, Are these lines used just to start showing main windows of swing application?,new keyword is always used while creating objects,,-1,38,0,0,1,0
1213,AutocompleteTextView not showing suggestions,I've been trying to get an autocompletetextview to work but so far its not showing any results. Checked a lot of posts but couldnt get mine to work and i've tried every tutorial as well. Here is my code:   And this is the async task 'filer'  And this is the code which starts the thread:  Thank you.,The part where i was setting the adapter and all after getting the adapter from async task needed to be executed on the main thread. The answer was posted by ADM in the comments.,,0,54,0,0,1,0
1214,Fixed row inside a horizontally scrollable table,I have a very long table with horizontal scrolling. Is it possible to implement a fixed row inside this table without horizontal scroll.       EDIT: What if I need two cell in the fixed row?  https://jsfiddle.net/7nz6ys2m/2/,"With a little bit of jQuery, we can get the behavior with safe vertical scrolling.  https://jsfiddle.net/7nz6ys2m/4/",,2,340,0,0,1,1
1215,Reference resourceDictionary from parent .xaml file,"I'm learning WPF. I'm trying to reference  in  from  to apply the  style. Tried pack  way and also  but VSS is still complaining . The folder structure: What am I doing wrong? AboutView.xaml  App.xaml  To ASh: So with referenced, my materialview button shows nicely.  Relying on App.xaml to apply materialview style across all Windows doesn't work if I don't reference it explicitly. The button is stripped of its style. ","The app.xaml isn't a ResourceDictionary, but contains the definition for your Application (it starts with an element, not a ). You can move your resources out of the app.xaml into their own ResourceDictionary and then reference that dictionary from your view and other elements as needed.",,1,123,0,0,1,1
1216,Pulling quotes and authors from websites with ajax,"I'm fairly new to javascript and I'm currently trying to complete the Random Quote Machine project on freecodecamp. The idea is to display the quote and it's author once a user clicks on the ""New Quote"" button. My issue is that whenever it is clicked, it displays the quote in jibberish and I'm not sure how to correctly pull the quote along with its author. If anyone can guide me on the right path, that would be greatly appreciated!  https://codepen.io/leafbow/pen/RyjaeV ","It is not jibberish. The server returns the data in JSON, and you will need to parse it to make it work for you. Try the below code:  Additionally, you need to change the request URL. I got this info by referring to the docs. Remove the  parameter from it and add an empty  parameter. So the URL essentially becomes this:  See this working demo for more info.",,0,34,0,0,1,1
1217,Saving JsObject into DynamoDB,"We want to save our data models into DynamoDB. We use scanamo with alpakka for nonblocking I/O.  For numerous reasons, we don't want the keys and data to be auto generated to dynamo format. We already have Play-Json formatters for all our case classes and want the data to be saved in Dynamo from JsObjects. For saving the data as JsObject, each repository has the following    Always end up receiving this error:  could not find implicit value for evidence parameter of type com.gu.scanamo.DynamoFormat[play.api.libs.json.JsObject]  I can't find a way to make it accept JsObject or create a formatter that will fit. Will much appreciate any help. Sidenote: I've looked at PlayDynamo-Repo but they actually create the whole request from scratch and we'd like to use scanamo's API.",I ended up using the following code which works just as expected. I cannot share the sub-functions but it should give the general idea. ,,0,241,0,0,1,1
1218,How do you get all tenant IDs for AAD your user is part of?,How do you use powershell to find all tenant IDs for all AADs your AAD user is part of? Similar to what you see when you login to  where without logging into each AAD you can see a list of directories your user account is part of in drop down like below. ," How do you use powershell to find all tenant IDs for all AADs your AAD user is part of?  If we want to get all of tenant IDs, we could use the Get-AzureRmTenant.  ",,0,130,0,0,1,1
1219,Why is my background repeating?,"Im learning how to build a website, but I have some trouble because of the background. The background is repeating when I add content to the div container. Why is that, and how can I fix it? ","You're using the shorthand syntax with the  property, that's wrong. You need the  property for that: ",,0,48,0,0,1,1
1220,Laravel downloading large file end up not found,"I am developing an e-commerce website for selling files and all of the download files or more than 500Mb. so for more protection, I store all files inside storage folder and create disk like this  so as I mantion all files sizes are more than 500Mb so I can't simply using  (after two download === server shutdown memeory fill up) so I search in StackOverflow and find this answers #1 and #2 so I use this code for downloading a file :   and after running getting this error  ""File not found at path: D:/laragon/www/store/storage/app/academy/7FrggloHEjjc72rVJO1jPdF10nJL57MBMBvfwpYE.zip""  on this file  D:\laragon\www\store\vendor\league\flysystem\src\Filesystem.php Line 388    The funny thing about this error is the path that returns if put in windows explorer it open the zip file (Path is correct)  and Already used php artisan storage:link",I do not know it's bug or lake of my knowledge about storage in laravel framework : when you saving the file by storage is going return the path of a file so I saving that path in my database when I giving this path to the code above return that error so out nowhere I decide to send just filename without a path and simply code works. I hope this answer helps someone! ,1.0,1,408,0,0,1,0
1221,boost serialization hexadecimal decimal encoding of data,"I am new to boost serialization but this seems very strange to me. I have a very simple class with two members  so sometimes I set the size to  then I serialize the class  we can see the  and the  so no issue here both are in decimal format. now I change buffer to  so I expected to see  this is the actual outcome  boost has switched to hex for the buffer size only?  notice the other value is still decimal. So what happens if I switch number from 123 to 1024 ?  I would imagine 040 ?   If this is by design, why does the 31 not get converted to 1F ? its not consistent. This causes problems in our load function for the split_free, we were doing this  but as you might guess, when this is 040, it truncs to zero :( what is the recommended solution to this? I was using boost 1.45.0 but I tested this on boost 1_56.0 and it is the same. EDIT: sample of the serialization function  MYCLASS is just a wrapper on a char* with the first element an unsigned int  to keep the length approximating a UNICODE_STRING  http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-gb/library/windows/desktop/aa380518(v=vs.85).aspx The code is the same if the length is 1024 or 31 so I would not have expected this to be a problem.","I don't think Boost ""switched to hex"". I honestly don't have any experience with this, but it looks like boost is serializing as an array of bytes, which can only hold numbers from 0 through 255. 1024 would be a byte with a value 4 followed by a byte with the value 0.",,0,200,0,0,1,0
1222,How to remove pipe symbol | from action bar in android?,"In my android application i am displaying refresh,search,setting options in my actionbar . All are displaying fine but on tablet all are displaying with pipe symbol separator.  Question - How to remove pipe symbol from actionbar? Thanks in advance !","The ""pipe"" symbol is known as the actionbar divider, and is linked to your application's theme. The following link answers your question: How can I remove divider before actionbar menuItem which only have text on it?",,0,93,0,0,0,0
1223,Asp.Net MVC 4.5 to run stored procedure after certain time,"When a user saves change to data, my Asp.Net MVC 4.5 site sends out alert email (from database) to other users. My problem is that users click the save button multiple times within a few minutes, and the site sends out multiple emails.  I want to wait for 30 minutes after the first save, and only then send out the email. How can I do this? TIA","I found a simpler solution, ""Creating cache item callbacks"". It's described in this post: http://www.codeproject.com/Articles/12117/Simulate-a-Windows-Service-using-ASP-NET-to-run-sc ",,0,137,0,0,0,0
1224,How To get Records between two dates Asp.net,"I want to search the records between two dates , but this code is not working .          ",CHANGE YOUR QUERY TO :  ,,0,382,0,0,1,1
1225,Material color splash lib,"Maybe a week ago I found lib wich fill view with color and animation. Now I cant find it, maybe someone sought it? Here is example of what I mean. Need the same as in calculator on delete, or dialer on start calling. ",I found that it was Reveal Effect from Android 21. To do like this I just need to use this code  Take from here Use the Reveal Effect,,0,512,0,0,0,1
1226,Target _GetRecursiveResolvedSDKReferences does not exist when MSBuild WP8.1 project,I try to build Windows Phone 8.1 Apps with command line. I create a solution and a project WP8.1 with Visual Studio 2013 Pro (File > New > Project...). Then I try to build this newly created project with this command line :  it failed with this error :  The MSBuild.exe used is this one : C:\Windows\Microsoft.NET\Framework\v4.0.30319\MSBuild.exe Here the complete log of the build :  Have you an idea how to resolve this ? Thanks.,"Problem solved, in VS2013 and WP8.1 projects, you can't directly use msbuild, you need to init some vars. All this job can be doing with an existing batch in VS2013 folder :   After this batch is executed, just do a simple msbuild youProjectFile.csproj and it is fix. ",,1,757,0,0,1,1
1227,ibtool error Couldn't open shared capabilities memory GSCapabilities (No such file or directory),"I'm using ibtool to localize nibs. I exported string files, translated them, and now trying to apply translated strings back to the nibs using ibtool once again. It works for the most parts except that for some files (about 25% of all nibs) I get the following error: Couldn't open shared capabilities memory GSCapabilities (No such file or directory) What can cause that?","I had the same problem and figured out that it was because the version of ibtool was wrong as I had both XCode 4.2 and 3.2 installed We had two ibtool of two different versions of XCode /Developer-3.2.6/usr/bin/ibtool /Developer/usr/bin/ibtool I was using InterfaceBuilder under XCode 3.2.6 but the ibtool was from XCode 4.2 With the right version of ibtool, it can apply the translation back to the xib /Developer-3.2.6/usr/bin/ibtool --strings-file zh-Hans.lproj/something.xib --write zh-Hans.lproj/something.xib English.lproj/something.xib ibtool does not have a version inquiry option; as for ""shared capabilities memory GSCapabilities"", I had to say that the error messages in XCode tend to be consistently irrelevant as before. Hope this helps. Yushen",,5,768,0,0,0,0
1228,How to instantiate spring bean without being referenced from aop:aspect,"Using  Spring and Java; I have a pointcut which works OK. Now I want to remove the pointcut and AOP from the spring and just trigger the event with an event from inside the java code but I want ""myAdvice"" bean still called via Spring and its properties set. I want to get ridoff all advice things even in java code, no more advice or any trace of AOP, I already have a nice event system working. I just want to instantiate my bean via Spring. When I remove the second code block (one starting with ""aop:config"") then I noticed the bean ""myAdvice"" is not called and instantiated anymore. How can i stil call it set its properties without referencing it from the ""aop:aspect"" ? in my application context ; ",Your configuration looks fine  . Your bean should be instantiated as a singleton bean when the ApplicationContext loads up . Maybe you would want to check if you have a default-lazy-init setting which prevents eager loading of the beans.,,0,434,0,0,1,0
1229,How to make UITableView Like Below Image?, How to make UITableView like above image? I know this is grouped table type. but how we can add the image+label+button to header of section. I have tried   but it starts with . I want just above section and exact width of section just like in image. Thanks in advance.,CustomCell.h  customcell.m  UItbaleView part  Also do n't forget to create Customcell.xib and add tool bar through interface builder also create an outlet of CustomCell in tableview class and handle it as above,,0,369,0,0,1,1
1230,LCS implementation in python2,"I implemented an n-dimensional longest common subsequence in python, but it's buggy in 3d.  Output:     ['N']","Found the bug.  for the  function, therefore wrong backpointers.",,0,311,0,0,1,1
1231,Finding the td associated to its table onclick event,"I have a table like below  After I click on the table, I need to find the td on which the click happened. I cannot have onclick event written on tr or td.",,,0,98,0,0,1,1
1232,Changing the site url,"We have an app with some users. The users have already granted authorization for my app an specific domain. If I change the Site Url (App Settings), my users will have to grant authorization again? Thanks!","No, your APP ID and Secret remain the same, so no re-authorization will be required. ",,1,73,0,0,0,0
1233,Div height problems,"I enclosed my ul in a div, but the div appears to be 1px above the ul, instead of encasing the ul which was what I wanted. I've tried doing height: auto, and width: auto, but I still get the same results. The only fix I got was to hardcode a height, which doesn't work because the size of the ul changes in every link. How can I get my div to encase my ul like I wanted?","Actually, the problem is that your  is not wrapping your  elements, and that is because you 's are floated. If you just add the style  to your  element, and remove the height on the  then it will work as expected. Actually, you only seem to be using your  element to add a border to the bottom of your list, in which case you could remove it altogether, and make the style for your  as follows: ",,0,117,0,0,0,1
1234,How is this Hello World-style swf causing a massive memory leak?,"Make a swf out of this, run it through IE, and watch as your memory keeps growing - and possibly even skyrockets - for reasons that appear to be out of the Flash programmer's control:  This is not isolated to one particular program.  We've been dealing with an issue that started out in much bigger software where, if you have a  object and a  object, supply a local feed to the user, and keep performing redirects back to the same site, there is a serious memory leak. (It's worse on some machines than on others, but it's there.  We've also seen instances where it would hit a threshhold, go back a little, and then just skyrocket from there without further hindrance.) We've tried several things, including wrapping the browser in a .NET program and handling the refreshes through .NET, not through Flash.  We've toggled between different things the site would do in different refreshes.  All that stuff. This is at the very core of what Flash is and what it's intended for, so is there any way (hopefully aside from using debug swfs and Flash Players) to stop such a memory leak, or is Adobe/Microsoft really this sloppy?","It's an IE problem, not a Flash one evidently.  This is true regardless of whether IE is being used normally or through a .NET program with a  object. That being said, what we were running into with our code involved the usage of a  object in VB.NET, and we were handling the majority of our refreshes and redirects through the .NET code, not in the Flash code.  So if you were to take the refreshes out of the Flash code in the question and then relocate them into the .NET code, this is a short example of something that would not have that memory leak:  The trick is to:  Establish DLL imports for 's  and  functions. Repeatedly call , either around the same time as a redirect or on its own seperate timing.  IE / the WebBrowser object in .NET has an internal memory leak, but this solution gets around the problem by telling the OS to step in and get involved.  By passing  for the second and third arguments to , you cause that function to run in a special mode that examines all the pages in memory for the process, and then trim out the ones that are deemed unnecessary.  Usually this probably isn't the best way to solve memory leaks, but since the API class is internally problematic, it's probably a good idea in this case. Thanks to Creative Magic's answer and comment, as well as to studysake's accepted answer to this question.",,0,127,0,0,1,1
1235,How to Construct Object from Xml string,How to Construct Object from Xml string using DynamicObject and how to use it.,I use XMLDocument instead DynamicObject to get the work done.,,0,48,0,0,0,0
1236,Read many Excel files from R,"It's my first time with R, so maybe the problem is trivial I need to download date from xls files from url and each one should be in one data frame. Like here .  I decided to use gdata package (package ‘xlsReadWrite’ is not available for R version 3.1.0, RODBC not available for win64) Downloading works great for one file (year e.g = 2013 )  I tried to read many .xls into list() using loop. (e.g. y_begin=2012, y_end=2014)  I thought that after that I'd be able to merge them, but don't know how to get data from single data frame in list  for example > View(ldata[2]) returns only first collumn","Thank you so much, but the answer was easier. It's enought to make ldata[[j]] ",,4,373,0,0,1,1
1237,Unable to update ADT in Eclipse,"I installed Eclipse ADT Bundle. When I open the eclipse window, I get a message saying ""Update your ADT"". But no updates are available. I checked online and tried to install in the ""Install New Software"" option. But still I am getting error message saying "" Cannot satisfy dependency:     From: Android Developer Tools 21.1.0.201302060051 (com.android.ide.eclipse.adt.package.product 21.1.0.201302060051)     To: com.android.ide.eclipse.adt.package.feature.group [21.1.0.201302060051]"". How to solve this?","I had once the problem, and if you don't have 50 open projects, the fastest way to resolve it is donwloading and reinstalling ADT Bundle.",,0,290,0,0,0,0
1238,How do i create a zero byte file in biztalk?,"I have a BizTalk system where I have a need to create Zero Byte file output.  Basically, I need to send out a report every day to our various partners.  If there is no data to send for the day, I still need to send a file, but there should be nothing in the file.   It seem that if there is no data to send, BizTalk just drops the whole thing and decides to send nothing.  I have read on how to read zero byte files in, but nothing on how to create them for sending out. Does anyone have any recommendations or links?",Please see the link below. Some times you can have the answer. http://biztalkwithshashikant.blogspot.com/2011/04/processing-empty-files-in-biztalk.html,,1,388,0,0,0,0
1239,C# .NET application built in Windows Server 2008 R2 64bit doesn't run in Windows 7 32bit,"I have built an application in Visual Studio 2012 Express, on C# .NET 4.5 on Windows Server 2008R2 64 bit. When I compiled, I made sure in build properties, platform target is set to x86. When I copy the files from Release folder to my Windows 7 32, it crashes. Here is error my system is throwing: ","I managed to find a work around for this problem. Went into References in the Solution Explorer and for each of the items, I made sure I set ""Copy Local"" property to True. I ended up with a lot of DLL files in the Release folder, but it ran in Windows 7.",,0,889,0,0,1,0
1240,Change displayed data in table created from SQL query in ASP.NET,"I can't figure out how to search for this and get exactly what I need. I'm trying to figure out how to change the way a piece of data displays.  So, for example, if I retrieve a  that is either a 1 or 0, and I want to display either ""yes"" or ""no"" respectively, how do I go about that?  Here is what I have in the aspx:  To be clear, I just want it to automatically update the value every time it pulls data from the SQL table. I've been trying a few things, but I'm not sure when and how to make the change. Member objects:  Then in page load:  I tried something like:  But I know that's not right because it doesn't know what row to do that on.  But I'd like it to be universally applied to all rows anyway.  Then I thought I could do something with the  using a filter:  But then I'm not sure how I would apply changes to what I get back.  Something else I was considering would be to replace the column with a series of checkboxes that would be checked or unchecked depending on what the value is. Then that could be checked or unchecked, and the value could be updated in the database.","C Shaper's answer got me on the right track, but it needed a decent amount of tweaking.  First problem was:  Changing the object to a  fixed that.  Then it was failing to parse the value, saying the  After doing further research, I got it working with the following: ",,0,70,0,0,1,1
1241,Public ObservableCollection causing crashes,"Whenever I make an ObservableCollection a public variable, as soon as the page is called with it on it the app crashes. What I'm trying to do is Add items to the public ObservableCollection from another class... I'll try to represent the structure below Dir: Project/Class/PrepareSpells.xaml  Dir: Project/SpellLists/PopulateList.cs  Please note that PopulateList is contained within a valid 'for' loop. I have also created an object for the PrepareSpells.xaml (prepare, above). Is there a different way to do this or is it impossible? If I simply have an OC in the PopulateList whenever I manipulate it further (ie, to populate a higher spell level list) it modifies ALL the OC's in the PrepareSpells.xaml domain to reflect the new changes. Please let me know if this is far too ambiguous and I will provide more code.",This is not an issue: I was inputting invalid data... I feel sheepish....,,0,203,0,0,1,0
1242,"odata, nhibernate generates ORA-12704: character set mismatch","I have two classes:  I made the following odata query:  but, I get the following error:  Nhibernate generates the following sql:  I tried to write similar  query manually:  The generated sql:  The main difference in the  operator. I don't know why it exist in the first  query. And, if I run this query in the  I get the same error. If I delete the  parameter and write  then script works correctly.   ",The answer is found. I have to add the following option: ,,0,191,0,0,1,1
1243,Rendering HTML using Gulp.js template compilers,What would be the easiest way to use any one of the Gulp template compilers to render HTML files? ,The simplest way I found to render templates directly to HTML is by using the gulp-consolidate plugin as per the following example:       Keep in mind that the handlebars library would also need to be installed for this example to work.,,2,745,0,0,1,1
1244,Validating CharField size in Django,"Using Django 1.8, I have:  In a management command script, I am creating the objects. On my test environment, I use sqlite which does not throw an exception when the field size exceeds the max_length but on the production, a different db would throw an exception. If there a way I can make it validate the length or is there a way I can retrieve the CharField length to do the validation myself in my test environment?","You can do  to validate all model fields. It will raise  on failure. It also gets called from . Generally, refer to Validating objects.",,0,587,0,0,1,1
1245,Need help changing the chromecst image in the actionbar,Hi does anyone know how to change the icon when google cast is connected? I want my icon to be blue when it is connected to the chromecast device but mine is showing up white. Also it is the one that is in the action bar.,"You have a couple of options. One is to replace the icons that the media router library uses in your project. That enables you to change the color for the two states, connected and disconnected. If you want more than that, then you can follow this article where he goes into details on how to change the theme used there in the library by sub-classing MediaRouteButton from the library. If the first approach is all you need, then do that since it amounts to just replacing a few images. To find out what those images are, look at media router support library; in the res/drawables/, you should find XML resources that point to various images that are used and then you use your own version of those images in your own app (keep the names the same).",,0,45,0,0,0,0
1246,How to give for users extra lives for watching Unity Ads?,"I want to give for users extra lives for watching Unity Ads in my small game making in Unity. But I don't know how to do it. To showing ads I using that:  I counting lives in another script using for example   but  in script for unity ads not works, btw I using UnityEngine.UI for display the number of lives. Maybe it can be connected with button for start display Ads?","Is this supposed to give the player more lives every time he plays the game if he watches the ad? if that is so I think you should try using player prefs. in youre ""void awake () {}""you should add the following:  and then in youre script that has the lives variable you should add this : ",,0,422,0,0,1,1
1247,gem install json issue with Mac OS X 10.11,"I'm trying to install Ruby/JSON on Mac OS X 10.11.  However, the  command gives the error message:  The message says , but I'm not sure how to fix this issue. Is this a known issue, or is there a way to bypass this one?  This is my system version. I executed  to get the latest version.  ",I should have used the latest ruby (2.2.3) not the old one (2.2.1) ,,0,1611,0,0,1,1
1248,"Why would an ADF Business Components Entity Attribute render as ""updatable while new"" when all relevant configurations are set for ""updatable always?""","Background The application in question is a WebCenter 11g in-house development project using ADF Business Components, JSF 2.0, and Facelets, and is being developed using JDeveloper 11g Release 2, version 11.1.2.4.0. The model project contains an Entity Object with many values for reviewing business projects. The view controller project contains a single page within a bounded task flow, which houses an input form referencing these values for creating and editing reviews. ADF Security features are enabled across the application. In the context of these reviews, intended functionality indicates one class of users can only edit certain ""S.E."" values, while other users can edit all values and create new reviews. To facilitate this, Entity Attribute-level security has been implemented for the reviews. The Issue The review form renders correctly, with the exception of a small, random selection of the values' input elements (eight out of 40) that render as read-only/disabled only when editing an existing record, but have no issue when creating a new record. When testing using the AppModule testing functionality, the same results are observed: the same eight values can be edited by the test user only for new records, while all other values are editable for new and existing records. Specifics The View Object and Entity Object Attributes for these values are all configured with the Updatable property set to Always. These values include some of the aforementioned ""S.E."" values, but not all of them - nor are all of the values at issue included within the ""S.E."" value group. The test user is set as an administrator for the application, an Application Role to which all Resource Entitlements are granted. Failed Resolutions I've attempted changing the View Object and Entity Object Attributes' Updatable attributes to While New and Never, then switching them back to Always - confirming that the changes were made in the XML file with each switch. I've checked and rechecked the ADF Security configuration several times, and confirmed the security for each of those values is identical to that of the other values in the same form/Entity for which the issue does not occur. I've cleaned the application and rebuilt the projects (model and vc) individually before deploying to a freshly launched Integrated WebLogic Server; I've closed and relaunched JDeveloper before rebuilding and redeploying; I've even restarted the computer, as sometimes the nature of my enterprise causes odd issues with JDeveloper that are only resolved by a log out or restart of the entire system. I've also confirmed that the issue occurs on my coworker's machine. Ground Rules Due to the nature of my environment, I cannot divulge explicit details of the application, and the following suggestions are unacceptable.  Upgrading JDeveloper Upgrading Java Upgrading WebLogic/WebCenter Upgrading ADF, JSF, or any other library ","As it turns out, this issue was caused by an ADF Security/JDeveloper SNAFU. The Entity Attributes in question were renamed (refactored) at some point, and for some reason this change propagated to everything ... except the Attributes' permission configuration. The Attributes and all other references to them held the new names, but their Permission elements in the Entity XML file still held the old names. This was not apparent until reviewing the XML directly, as the JDeveloper UI for ADFBC Entities does not reflect the warning state shown in the XML editor. The solution, then, was to either disable and re-enable Attribute-level security for those Attributes or to manually adjust the Permission elements' parameters within the XML.",,1,722,0,0,0,0
1249,How to restrict the answer size in javamail search method?,"I am using  library to fetch emails from several servers through IMAP. I only care for the unread messages and I want to download only the 5 last received unread messages. For filtering the messages in a folder I am using using the  method passing the flag  with value false, just as following code shows:  I need to diminish bandwidth usage and the above method may return an arbitrarily large number of messages. I am only interested in the last 5 of them, is there a way for the IMAP server return a limited number of messages?","You can do the search over a subset of the messages, effectively setting an upper limit on the number of messages returned, but you might have to do multiple searches.  There's no direct way to limit the number of results returned if you're searching all messages. Note that the search results are relatively compact (effectively only the message number), so unless you're searching a huge number of messages I wouldn't think bandwidth would be an issue relative to fetching the content of the messages.",,0,704,0,0,1,0
1250,iOS Dropbox Sync API - Pushing to empty view controller when linking accounts,"I launch the dropbox view controller to link the user's account using the sharedManager call. Then when the I enter anything into the fields, two new views are pushed which only contains an activity indicator. I have waited at that screen for a length of time which I deemed enough to determine nothing was or is going to happen. I can press back and go back two views to the username and password entry screen, but the same issue happens as soon as I enter anything into the fields. I double checked to confirm that I did not have an observer on any  objects which could be impacting this action. I would appreciate some help.",I was able to fix this issue by clearing the content and settings for the simulator.  I was never able to reproduce this issue on a device.  I'm not sure however what the cause of the issue was to begine with,,1,118,0,0,1,0
1251,How to return MySQL query results from EventMachine?,"I'm trying to use EM::Synchrony to speed up my queries by making them async. Following along with the examples from the github page here I'm making 2 asynchronous queries:  My question is how do I setup a callback to actually get the values returned by the queries? What I would like to do is once the queries are finished, aggregate them back together and write to another table or csv or whatever. Thanks.",What I found is that the following code will give me the results from the queries: ,,0,502,0,0,1,1
1252,parse openxml and get a name value collection for given node,I have a xml document which contains some custom fields which i wont know the names of. i want to generate a select statement which will list the contents in a name value style. All examples I have found sofar require me to know the names of the nodes. i.e.  is it possible to achieve this?,well i found the answer after a fair amount more experimenting.(incidentally the double underscore replace is due to the output format of some of the database field names.)  ,,0,209,0,0,1,1
1253,How do I parse this array of hashes?,I have the following array of hashes and I need to parse all email that are not empty:  I am trying to do that this way:  But I am getting error:  How to do it right?,,1.0,-2,831,0,0,1,1
1254,Proper signal handling and interrupts,"Have a question regarding the interruption of a running process that listens to signals. Below is my handler. SIGHUP is used for reloading my config file, SIGCHLD is used to waitpid with nohang on a process it spawns and the others to terminate the process.  My current understanding of signals:  signal occurs complete current operation on line 505. ie: open(""t.txt""); run signal handler code to completion return to line 505 and continue  What I am worried about:  signal occurs break out of current code run signal handler code to completion continue from break out code  Questions:  Should I enhance my code to block SIGHUP, SIGTERM, SIGCHLD while reloading the config so that I don't have unstable code if a signal occurs? Or is that over-design? (Assuming it doesn't resume after) Say I am in the signal handler for a SIGHUP but then a SIGHUP signal occurs, what happens? (I assume it queues them and runs the handler twice)  Thanks!","Actually, if a signal occurs, your current operation isn't necessarily going to finish before the signal handler is called. However, upon completion of the signal handler, your code resumes from exactly where it was when the signal interrupted. And since all your signal handler does is set a flag variable, there's no effect on the code that currently in middle of whatever else it's doing. Answers:  Why bother? Your code does resume after, and any properly designed signal handler isn't going to destabilize the code. Documentation seems to indicate that the handling of the second signal will be deferred until the first handler completes. See this question for details. ",,1,226,0,0,1,0
1255,Rails + YAML : Parsing error when loading YAML data from application.yml,"To seed my database with airport names, I use application.yml to define a collection of airports:  Using Rails Command (rails c) to test, I have:  which is a string! Then, when typing the following, I have an error:  What I'm expecting (what I want) is to have an array of objects, so I can seed my database with the following code:  Thanks,",Using figaro  this would do the trick:  I usually use a simple initializer  like: ,,1,991,1,0,1,1
1256,if scrollview inherits from UIView how come my code below doesn't work?,if scrollview inherits from UIView  how come my code below doesn't work? DOBMonthTextField us an an IBOutlet for a UITextField.  It stopped working when I made my UIVIEW underneath the text field a scrollview. The text field use to hide when I executed the code above. Now it doesn't hide.,"While changing the views in nib files via cut-paste, the  connections of those views go missing (disconnected), so you always have to reconnect them after pasting. Check your connections whenever some code for a view created in nib/storyboards used to work earlier but does not after some modifications.",,0,69,1,0,1,1
1257,So what can you use delayedInit for safely?,"Having read various posts on delayedInit, I was surprised to learn that it's actually called each time by the various subclasses during construction. I wasn't sure I believed this but then I made the test below. Anyhow, my question is that delayedInit sounded like a useful mechanism to drive some kind of final action from an abstract class (for example, perhaps notifying another object of creation complete). And this would make sense, if it were only called once.  But how can any kind of useful construct be made from a function if you risk it being called repeatedly without any other useful information being passed in it's parameters? How could I program it to only fire at the last level of construction, without necessarily knowing how deeply class A has been extended?  Output: ","Here you go. The future stuff is just for flair. The basic idea is that the  is initialized exactly once, in the initializer of  or whatever the bottom class is. You have read the one question in The One Question FAQ, I suppose. ",,0,153,1,0,1,1
1258,Putting breaks into a text written on a image,"If i write a text on a picture with code below, code tries to type all the text in one line. So text overflows out of the image like in picture1. I want to write it like in picture2. If there is a function in php which enables writting like in picture2 what is it? If there is no function to do that, how can i do it by writting my code? Can you give me a clue?   Picture1:     Picture2:  ",Put it in a bounding box using  then the text will wrap. There's a full example on php.net: http://www.php.net/manual/en/function.imagettfbbox.php,,0,117,1,0,1,1
1259,creating two dimensional hashset functionality,I am trying to make two dimensional hashset functionality. I have a loop that iterates through pairs of integers:  When the current pair of integers does not match a previous pair of integers I want to store them. I figured a hashset would be the best approach because I can insert the pairs and it wont take repeats. How do I do this?,"If you want a really simple solution concatenate both keys and store the resulting string, e.g.  It will allways generate a unique key for each combination.",2.0,3,2679,1,0,1,1
1260,"how to copy a line of code to the REPL buffer and immediately execute it, in Emacs?","During the debugging with 2 buffers (with ""editing buffer"" on the left and ""execution buffer"" on the right) I often encounter the situation in which I need to copy one line of code from ""editing buffer"" to the ""execution buffer"" and immediately execute it (perhaps without leaving the ""editing buffer!). Does there exist a binding for that? If not, how can I create one? ",Selecting the line you want to execute and C-cC-r usually does the job. Provided the s are present.,,0,185,1,0,0,1
1261,CKEditor missing/incorrect basePath in Drupal 7,"In a custom module, I've included CKEditor  And in my JS I'm now creating an instance on a textarea using  This was working, but now isn't. Looking in Firebug, I see that ckeditor is trying to access config.js, and that it's looking for this at the URL of the page. It should be looking to http://example.com/sites/all/libraries/ckeditor/. I can't think what's changed recently that might have broken it! I've tried passing config  into the  call but this is ignored, probably can't set this at runtime? Anyone know what I'm doing wrong, or if this is a bug, is there a work around?","As I commented, this seems to be to do with when the editor is loaded via Drupal's JS aggregation Here is an ugly hack that it worked for me. Edit the sites/all/libraries/ckeditor/ckeditor.js file and before the compressed js code add:  Then just remember to do that every time you upgrade. PS. Credit on basepath hint.",,1,916,1,0,1,1
1262,GETDATE() Function SQL Server 2008 R2 has difference with windows server time,"I have Windows Server 2008 and SQL Server 2008 R2. When I get date with  from SQL Server, it shows the current date and time, but with 6 minutes less than Windows server watch (time) .  I checked location, time and Active Directory but I don't understand why my SQL Server  function returns 6 minutes difference compared to my Windows server time. Can anybody help me ? ",From SSMS run this statement:  Then RDP to this machine and make sure time displayed is same as displayed in SSMS.,,2,1281,1,0,1,1
1263,select next record against particular ID,I have following table structure:  Now i want to form a query so that i can get or select next record against particular AutoID. Means what query i have to form if i want record next to autoID 17. i.e. it is MID=9 AutoID=20 MikatName=MNS   I tried forming it as:  But it gives me all the 2 records having autoID grater that 17. I wanted just next record to AutoID 17. Please help me.,"You want to add a  clause and :  By the way, SQL tables are inherently unordered.  When you do a  there is no guarantee on the order of the results returned.  You need an  to ensure ordering.",,0,69,1,0,1,1
1264,Importing a C function and re-assigning variables,"I have a C function which I would like to use in Python, but this function has some variables that belong to an old GUI (not used anymore). Is there a way to import this function to Python and re-assign a value to the GUI variables? How? For example, let's say I have the following function in C, where inputs is from the GUI:  How can I declare it in cython, in order to make it run in python, and how to override the inputs value? Thanks a lot EDIT: ctest.pxd:   test.pyx:  ",If the variables are exposed by the C library you should be able to simply add declarations for them to your cython file and then set them appropriately in the function call: ,,2,99,1,0,1,1
1265,WCF Service: Application Crash,I have a massive problem: I have a WPF application that makes a WcF service call. That call functions well if the user is an administrative user. It crashes simply without a chance to catch an exception (none is reported in Windows event logs too). What user right is required to have the service beeing called as a standard user in Windows Vista? Thanks,Solved through changes on the server side. I don't know the reasons nor do I know what changed. A colleague deployed a new version and: there we go...,,0,279,0,0,0,0
1266,dynamic selected value in drop down list,"i have a drop down list in a kohana view, in a for loop. it looks like that:  My problem is that i want to have selected a dynamically value, $content->number , always, in my list. How can i make that ? it is a little thing that i don't see. i tried 'selected=""selected""' :'$content->number' , but doesn;t work...","If one cannot choose more than , then shouldn't you iterate until that number instead of selecting it? ",,0,3910,0,0,1,1
1267,jquery issue on IE with selectors,I am migrating a legacy javascript function to jquery here is the function  the function works fine on Firefox but IE says undefined on alert box... any idea what am i missing?,"there were some extra spaces in between attributes of html tag such as id=""asdf""                  href=""something"". That was causing the issue on IE.. its resolved..",,0,84,0,0,1,0
1268,resources are not found on IIS6,"I have IIS6, and aspx are working, but all the JS, CSS, images are declared as NOT FOUND. This is initial installation of the IIS and project as virtual directory. Any guesses what it can be? I made the virt directory PUBLIC in case permissions are the issue thanks",Problem solved. I ran aspnet_regiis -i again.,,0,215,0,0,0,0
1269,GridView looking similar in every device,I need to know how to set the  according to the resolution of the mobile phones.. Im using a  where I'm using .. Now if I'm using mobile with small screen size is ok.. But if I test with the big screen device like HTC Desire HD then its looking so small.. How to make everything as similar?,Does using android:numColumns or setNumColumns(int numColumns) not work for your needs? http://developer.android.com/reference/android/widget/GridView.html#setNumColumns(int),1.0,0,900,0,0,1,0
1270,Dynamic XML code generation in C++,"I would like to transform some C++ objects of classes of my own into XML code. I guess there are several libraries which provide C++ to XML-mapping, but I would like to keep the library overhead simple and craft something of my own. What would be an appropriate approach to generate XML building? In Java there are annotations which could be use to dynamaically generate the XML. Maybe the template mechanism? I am using TinyXML so far. I really enjoy using it. Here is an example, which I would like to be generated:  } The class threadinfo would consist of int number and std::string name.",RapidXML is also pretty easy to use and can create dynamic xml for you.,,1,488,0,0,1,0
1271,Ruby on Rails and Ajax - persist the data from the database in a button,"I am using a button-group as a radio button to capture user input for a boolean field in my database. I have a wedding model with a boolean field :rsvp. The form below seems to capture the data.  However, if I refresh the page, the button is no longer toggled with the user's choice.  My question is, how to I get the button to persist the user's choice, even if the page is refreshed, or if the user logs out and logs in again? Models  Controllers  View: home.html.erb ",Here is how I ended up doing it (using Javascript).  Not sure if it is the best way or not. I added an ID tag to each button and then toggled that button using javascript and a conditional that depends on the value in the my database. ,,0,381,0,0,1,1
1272,Luntbuild No modules defined! Error,"I am trying to set up Luntbuild 1.6.2 from scratch in our UAT environment. I have created a project, builder and schedule. We use subversion as source control so i have specified the repository and path as well in luntbuild. But when I trigger the schedule nothing happens and system log reads as below:  I don't know what I am missing? any clues...??",I was able to resolve this problem with help of one of my colleague... You have to add the module inside VCS adapter tab and you need not to define all entries. I left all of it as blank and it resolved the issue.,,0,462,0,0,1,0
1273,List of Error With DNS,"I am working in linux system. Is it possible to receive any error report when DNS does not exist, DNS does not respond, DNS failed to resolve a name? If it is possible to detect different error ? From Where I Can get list of error which can be obtained with DNS (Linux )?",In case you use named in Linux you can enable logging by running  after that you should check you system log file (/var/log/messages or /var/log/syslog) for messages. To disable logging run the command again.,,1,278,0,0,0,1
1274,"Getting the ""deepest"" elements that meet two different descendant selector criteria","I'm writing a userscript which detects ""ship to"" arbitrarily designed address forms and parses their contents. In order to do this, I need to find form ""rows"" (which may or may not be  elements) that contain both the label for the address (such as ""Name"", ""Address1"", etc) and the corresponding  field for that tag. For example, in the following snippet:  I would want to match all of the  elements, because they each contain a ""Name"" label and an input field. However, I would not want to match the  on account of the ""MaidenName"" label, because it has broader scope than the matches found for the fields inside of the table. My current algorithm to find these rows (which are often  elements instead of  ones) is to:  Find all the nodes with appropriate ""Name"" labels Working my way up the DOM for each node until I find a node that is an ancestor of an input field Then remove the children I traversed to get there, leaving only the parent elements of the set.  Translating from the port I'm working in, the JQuery Javascript would look like the following:  This works... but all of that traversing and comparing overhead absolutely wrecks my performance (this can take five seconds or more.)  What would be a better way of implementing this? I think the following pseudocode would be better, but I could be wrong, and I don't know how to implement it: ",to generalize micha's answer so that it can look in a page-independent way (different tags and nesting levels): ,,1,436,0,0,1,1
1275,Why does cuCtxCreate return old context?,"i have installed: CUDA sdk 4.2 64, CUDA toolkit 4.2 64, CUDA devdriver 4.2 64,  I checked every nvcuda.dll in \windows - all of them, are 4.2 version, but when i create a context with driver api and check it verison with cuCtxGetApiVersion - it shows me ""3010"" I do not really care about that version, but when i try to use runtime api with that context(need to mix them) - it shows me error 49(cudaErrorIncompatibleDriverContext) any ideas, what is going on and how to make it work together?  seems it is not some issue with windows - running the same project under linux results in the same 3010 API version.","I solved the problem - i was exporting ""cuCtxCreate"" function directly during execution(it is other language - no cuda.h). After looking in original cuda.h i found that it defines other name for that functrion, basing on some sort of smartass defines. And that new function ""cuCtxCreate_v2"" creates a good context. /facepalm",,1,532,0,0,0,0
1276,Eclipse XML/RSS Parsing in hebrew,"I'm following this tutorial: http://www.vogella.com/articles/RSSFeed/article.html It works great and i'm able to get all the information I need. However, all the 'fields' contents is in Hebrew, so when I parse it and display the results, all I get is something like this (after manipulating and removing unnecessary tags):  The XML is encoded in UTF-8 and looks as it should in a web browser. I tried explicitly setting the ecnoding with this line:  But that didn't work. I tried changing the XML's encoding to unicode (as well as the above line) but still the same result. I'm suspecting it might only be an eclipse encoding issue, because when doing something like this:  results in printing  The project is for an Android app, if it matters. Can anyone help me solve this? Thanks in advance!","Just to close this one up, the reason was that the file itself was in the wrong encoding. After typing in a few words in Hebrew and then trying to save the file, it alerted me that the encoding is different. after saving it in the suggested encoding, it worked.",,0,145,0,0,1,0
1277,Trays with jQuery | Close tray when clicked again,"I have a nav with four buttons and a section with 4 sections within it.  When a nav button is clicked a ""section"" slides out and if another is selected the previous tray slides in and the one clicked slides out. But the problem I am having is that when a button that is already currently selected is selected again to have that tray slide back in. I know my code is a bit messy, but help would definitely be great.   NAV  Sections for Trays  I know that I have it currently if a button is selected twice the script for function click will just repeat I tried searching for this type of example but I would usually result in slideshows and etc. ",Figured it out. ,,0,398,0,0,1,1
1278,Is there a way to force RoboHelp html topic list index into a single file?,"We're currently using RoboHelp 8 in a Windows 7 64-Bit environment. When we output our files to WebHelp, RoboHelp automatically creates a series of files,  where * is a sequential file number. These files live in the following path:  and are generated from the entries in the Topic List. Currently, with the massive number of help documents we've got, this index lives across 13 files... though . We are trying to capture that HTML for a separate project, but we need a single file which is, in essence, a concatenation of all 13 files into a single document. Is there a menu option somewhere that forces the output into a single file? Or am I looking at a cut-n-paste job? Any ideas? Thanks.",Short answer is no. Get ready to cut and paste.,,0,302,0,0,1,0
1279,Flowplayer Rails Stuck,"i'm stuck with a Rails application that uses flowplayer that plays flv files.  I'm using the flowplayer gem here. I follow the instructions and the usage part where you have to choose between jQuery or Prototype comes with a bit of code. I don't know how to put this code, since i don't know its language. Is it Ruby code? jQuery code?  Anyway, has anyone tried and succeed playing flash videos with this? I'd appreciate if someone could tell me what to do with that piece of code that's bugging me. Thanks in advance. UPDATE: I update the question with the code in the view to narrow the problem.  The first line is the url of the action. Meaning that if i click in the video I download it. This action works, what it doesn't show is the player with the video. So i can narrow it to the code that comes from github.","I've opted for deleting the gem and doing it via script. Now it works perfectly. It seems the gem didn't find the plugin or the file, if you kwow a little javascript I recommend you to do it via script, you'll save a lot of pain.",,1,459,0,0,1,0
1280,Improve countdown.lua in OBS to change scenes when timer complete,"I figured out how to add and populate a dropdown of scenes in countdown.lua, and I see where to put the code that would switch scenes.  How do I changes scenes in OBS using lua?  The dropdown with the chosen destination scene is called next_scene. ",,,0,78,0,0,1,1
1281,Refresh the parent page and open link in new tab,"I am opening a SSRS report from C# asp.net.After opening the report I need to refresh the parent page. I have given the url to the report directly in the code. In the code behind, ScriptManager.RegisterStartupScript(Page, Page.GetType(), ""popup"", ""window.open('"" + url + ""','_blank')"", true); It opens the page in the new tab.But I would need to refresh the parent page. Please let me know if I could refresh the parent page after opening the SSRS link. Thanks!",You can add  to your event handler,,0,34,0,1,0,1
1282,How to solve layout issues in android studio,"Here the image from my mobile:   This maybe a small error i did , but what am i missing so the interface appears to be overlapped . Im using Android Studio to develop this But the reference design looks alright unless i run it on emulator or my mobile itself . Im guessing im not wrong in coding the layouts n i even tried to change the way the layouts can be written",Your layout has no constraints. Please review the documentation on the valid  XML attributes you can use to layout views relative to each other within a ConstraintLayout. You are looking for attributes like .,,-1,45,0,0,1,1
1283,why I get an invalid token while using Xpath if-then-else Expression with c# XPathNavigator Evaluate?,I get an invalid token exception while trying to evaluate below expression via XpathNavigor:  Exception is: System.Xml.XPath.XPathException: ''if(//DovizCins = 'YTL') then '1' else '2'' has an invalid token.',"Microsoft's XML technology is way out of date. This is XPath 2.0 syntax, introduced in 2007, and Microsoft has yet to catch up: they're still shipping XPath 1.0.",,0,35,0,2,1,0
1284,Make order notes required for specific product categories in WooCommerce checkout,"I need to make order notes required only on certain product categories (eg if someone buys ""cards"", they have to fill in a message). I've found this snippet to make order notes required, I just need to set it to be associated with a certain product. ",The following will make checkout order notes field required for specific product(s) category(ies):  Code goes in functions.php file of your active child theme (or active theme). Tested and works.,,1,34,0,0,1,1
1285,Can not use web-assembly rust impl because of 'Cannot access '__wbindgen_throw' before initialization' error,I am trying to add some web-assembly to my project. On the beginning I created a simple method to check is my webpack works well and can I use my  modules. So I created somthing like this:  And then I used this inside constructor of my web-component (just to check is everything works fine):  This worked as expected I saw  in my web-app console:  Then when I saw that everything works fine I created struct with implementation:  Then I add created instance of  inside the same web-component class constructor and call methods of this  impl. I thought that I should see  and  in my console  But this didn't happen and I saw only this error:  Uncaught (in promise) ReferenceError: Cannot access '__wbindgen_throw' before initialization at Module.__wbindgen_throw (calculator_engine_bg.js:5)  I do not know why I am getting this error and how can I fix this. Maybe there is a problem with my  ?  GitHub repository with minimal code needed to reproduce: webpack-web-assembly-rust-impl-bug  webpack version: 5.0.0-beta.26 ,So as sokra mentioned in his answer under issue which I created. I should use  instead of . If I use this  I have to add additional file which will asynchronously load  file.     Full solution you can find here:: webpack-web-assembly-rust-impl-bug,,1,46,0,0,1,1
1286,JavaScript Accordion not working when i click on accordion heading text or chevron icon,I have built an accordion which I can add dynamically from an input and everything works fine except when I click on accordion heading text it doesn't work and also when I click on the chevron icon on the right side I get an error!! I am not sure why this happening. if I click on an empty space area it just works fine without any error. you can check the demo & code here on codepen -> https://codepen.io/tauhidul-islam/pen/eYZBzLY Also here is some screenshot so you can understand. please let me understand what's happening and why. Thank you.           ,"Because you are using  in the  event of the generated , that will reference the template  when you click on the text and the  when you click on the blue bar, so  won't always point to the same element. Instead, you want to always be calling  on the . This can be accomplished by using , however because you are also using an arrow function,  binding won't correctly reference the element that received the event (the ), so if you change to using an anonymous function and , it works.        ",,0,28,0,0,1,1
1287,How to launch PyCharm's debugger with breakpoint(),"I understand that I can set which debugger is launched by setting , but what do I set it to in order to launch PyCharm's IDE? To clarify, I want PyCharm's debugger to launch when it encounters the  builtin, especially if I'm running the program from PyCharm. If you're wondering ""why ever do this when you could just run from the debugger?"" I'm trying to debug some code that responds differently when started with the debugger.","Ueli's answer got me 99% of the way there. Here's the summary. If you want the PyCharm debugger to start, all you need to do is import it. There are a couple ways:  You can use the  from the PyCharm installation () or install the  package using pip.  If you're running things locally, the simplest would just be to add  somewhere in the program you are debugging. If you're Trying to debug on a remote machine, you will need to install :  before adding  Somewhere in the program. The instructions for how to import  is coppied from step 4 of https://www.jetbrains.com/help/pycharm/remote-debugging-with-product.html#remote-debug-config (as linked in Ueli's answer).",,1,38,0,0,1,1
1288,Using system symbol table from VxWorks RTP,"I have an existing project, originally implemented as a Vxworks 5.5 style kernel module.  This project creates many tasks that act as a ""host"" to run external code. We do something like this:  This all works a dream, however, the functions that get called are non-reentrant, with global data all over the place etc. We have a new requirement to be able to run multiple instances of these external modules, and my obvious first thought is to use vxworks RTP to provide memory isolation. However, no matter what I try, I cannot persuade my new RTP project to compile and link.   If I add the correct include:  I get:  and if i just define it extern:  i get:  I havent even begun to start trying to stitch in the actual module load code, at the moment I just want to get the symbol lookup working. So, is the system symbol table accessible from VxWorks RTP applications? Can moduleLoad be used? EDIT It appears that what I am trying to do is covered by the Application Programmers Guide in the section on Plugins (section 4.9 for V6.8) (thanks @nos), which is to use dlopen() etc. Like this:  However, i still end up in linker-hell, even when i specify -Xbind-lazy -non-static to the compiler. ","The problem here was that the documentation says to specify -Xbind-lazy and -non-static as compiler options. However, these should actually be added to the linker options. libc.so.1 for the appropriate build target is then required on the target to satisfy the run-time link requirements.",,0,3600,0,0,1,0
1289,How to scale image from center? Windows 8.1 C#,How to scale dynamic image control from the center programmatically in c# for Windows 8.1. This code scales image from left upper corner:                                                          ,You want  That will mean that all of your transforms will be relative to the center of your image. See the RenderTransformOrigin documentation for more details.,,0,502,0,0,1,1
1290,"On TeamCity, Mercurial repo is checked out without execute bit set","In my Mercurial repository, I have some build scripts. However, when TeamCity checks out the repo, it doesn't set the execute bit on them, even though it's set in the repository. The build then fails, as it can't run the scripts, as you would expect. How do I make TeamCity respect the execute bit? I am running TeamCity 9.0 on Ubuntu Server 14.04.","Changing the VCS checkout mode to Agent rather than Server fixed this problem for me. To change the VCS checkout mode:  On the project configuration settings, go to Version Control Settings Click on Show advanced options Change VCS checkout mode from Automatically on server to Automatically on agent ",,0,42,0,0,0,0
1291,Password Digest authentication in WSE3,"I was able to implement the method AuthenticateToken and authenticate the user when the given password is in plain text.  Is it possible to authenticate the user when the given password is hashed (Passworddigest)? If so, please shed some light. Thanks in advance.","I found the solution. Yes, it is possible to authenticate the user when the password in SOAP header is PasswordDigest.  No change in the AuthenticateToken implementation; implementation is same (returning the original password string) for both plain text and hashed password.  During debugging, I learnt that the following line in ""ComputePasswordDigest(byte[] nonce, DateTime created, string secret)"" method from the ""Microsoft.Web.Services3.Security.Tokens.UsernameToken"" object, was causing the issue to not compute the correct password digest.  I have defined the same method locally and changed the above line as follows to change the format to include milliseconds ""yyyy-MM-ddTHH:mm:ss.fffZ"".  And implement the ""VerifyHashedPassword(UsernameToken token, string authenticatedPassword)"" method from the object ""Microsoft.Web.Services3.Security.Tokens.UsernameTokenManager"" to call my local method instead of ""ComputePasswordDigest(byte[] nonce, DateTime created, string secret)"" method from ""Microsoft.Web.Services3.Security.Tokens.UsernameToken"" object. Now, it works like a charm.  ",,0,296,0,0,0,1
1292,JavaScript performance on hybrid apps,"I'm writing a hybrid app with HTML5, JavaScript and CSS for Android 4.0+ and iOS 7.0+. I was wondering: does JavaScript consumes much memory of the smartphone? Basically my script will: parse objects, handle events, Ajax calls, update the view, etc. I was considering about use jQuery o Angular.js too. I'm focusing on performance and smooth experience. Thanks!","https://docs.angularjs.org/misc/faq Angular JS uses Jquery for some of its operations, and uses its own built in version if none is declared. I would suggest reading the documentation for a full grasp.",,-1,433,0,0,0,0
1293,sequence in DB2 generates duplicate values,"My application uses DB2 data base. I had created a sequence for my table to generate the primary key,it was working fine uptill today, but now it seems to be generating existing values and I am getting DuplicateKeyException while inserting values. After a bit of googling I found that we can reset the sequence again.  Could some one please help me with the best possible option as I have not worked with sequences much and the things to consider while going with that approach. If I have to reset the sequence then what should be the best way to do it and again points to consider before doing so.Also it would be great to know what could be the reason behind the issue that I am facing so that I can take care of it in future. Just for information the max value assigned while creating the sequence has not yet reached. Thanks a lot in advance.",ALTER SEQUENCE SCHEMA.SEQ_NAME RESTART WITH NUMERIC_VALUE; this was required in my case i.e restarting the sequence with a value higher then the current max value of the id field for which the sequence was being used. The NUMERIC_VALUE denotes the value which is higher then current max value for my sequence generated field. Hope it will be helpful for others. The cause probably for this issue was manual insertion of records in the db.,,-1,823,0,0,0,0
1294,convert string into (object) routeValues C#,"I am writing an extension function for UrlHelper. This function will accept three String parameters. First param is ACTIOn, second is CONTROLLER and third is some RANDOM STRING. example:  After accepting all these parameters, Extension function will return a URL with action, controller and a query string something like;  Here is my function:  The problem I am facing with my current implementation is, when I pass PARAMETERS to routeValues object it makes the URL like:  Whereas I want it to create an URL like:  So is there anyway I can achieve this? I know this can be easily done with  But I have to do it with an extension function.","I don't know if there is a better, more supported way, but this seems to work so you can use it ",,0,514,0,0,1,1
1295,Disabling neighbour solicitation,I would like to disable the neighbour advertisement and neighbour solicitation in contiki. What is the configuration that needs to be disabled in the config file of my application. ,Set the variable  to 0. ,,0,73,0,0,0,1
1296,TimePickerFragment code always sets the same time (Android),"I'm trying to set an alarm for the next occurrence of a time (essentially, within the next 24 hours). To do this I have defined a  to be used in several activities that implement . I not only need to create the proper alarm time () from a , but I also want to display the time in a  (). The issue is that whenever the time is set by the user,  is changed to 10:12 PM every time, no matter when it is set or what it is set to. I can only imagine that something is not being carried over properly, but I can't figure out what. This is the entirety of :  And here is the relevant code from one of the implementing classes:  I'm not sure if this is helpful, but whenever I click the button to open the TimePicker and also when I set the time from it, this is logged:  This only leads me further to believe I've missed something along the way. This code has undergone many changes, but it has never worked properly and at best has always produced this ""10:12 PM"" result.","It was a simple and perhaps foolish mistake, but I finally figured it out. Android Studio didn't mind me using  to get the variable, but this was wrong. Simply put, I should have been using  instead of .",,0,341,0,0,1,1
1297,ERROR sqoop.Sqoop: Got exception running Sqoop: java.lang.RuntimeException: Could not load db driver class: com.mysql.jdbc.Driver,"I am using shared node cluster Hadoop 2.5.0-cdh5.3.2 Please share the names all compatible version of MySql jar files to be loaded and all the path folders for any successful import and export between HDFS and MySQL. I am currently getting below error message ERROR sqoop.Sqoop: Got exception running Sqoop: java.lang.RuntimeException: Could not     load db driver class: com.mysql.jdbc.Driver so far, I have loaded MySql connector and hadoop jar files in /usr/lib/sqoop/lib mysql-connector-java-5.0.8-bin hadoop-core-1.0.3 Please let me know if I need to add more files and specify the path Is t","If it is a version incompatibility issue, then you can give a try to mysql-connector-java-5.1.31.jar as I am using mysql-connector-java-5.1.31.jar with sqoop version 1.4.5. For me, it works for both data import and export use cases.",,0,2570,0,0,0,0
1298,"jQuery, simultaneours ajax calls and $.when","When using $.ajax().done, at the moment, you can do something neat like :  But when you are using $.when with the same 2 ajax calls, you are required to perform a ""strange"" thing  Would there be a way to do something like :  That is, when you are passing multiple functions to done, they are resolved for each argument, in the same order ? Edit : here comes more informations from my wished use case :  At the moment, I do : "," you are required to perform a ""strange"" thing  Not really, I think your syntax expresses quite well what you are doing. If you think there should be a shorthand - no, there is none, because what you want to do is strange (an unusual use case). If you need a generic version of this, use ",,2,44,0,0,1,1
1299,Converting objective C alloc init to swift with required argument,"I am working on a Swift metawear (mbientlab.com) project and all the code examples are in Objective C so have to do lots of conversion.  Following this blog post - http://projects.mbientlab.com/persistent-events-and-filters/ - I created the following class that inherits from MBLRestorable (which implements the NSCoder protocol):  So far so good. Now I am converting the following Objective C to Swift:  I try:  } But get an error that it is missing the required argument ""coder.""  Make sense to me that it would require that param on init but in the Objective C sample code/applications a coder obj is never passed in (and the compiler does not raise the same error). The declaration for setConfiguration is:  What I am missing?  ","Swift classes do not by default inherit the superclass's initializers (See Swift language guide -> Initialization -> search for section ""Automatic Initializer Inheritance""). 's  is a ""designated initializer"". Designated initializers are only inherited by a subclass if the subclass implements no designated initializers of its own. Since your  class implements a designated initializer , it does not inherit designated initializers from its superclass. That's why  does not have an initializer with signature . Objective-C is different in that initializers are just methods in Objective-C and are always inherited.",,-2,667,0,0,1,1
1300,Calling pre-defined code from within a Ruby block,"I'm trying to do a highly formatted document using PrawnPDF, and would like a way to call a function to produce a particular piece of text over and over but in different places. What I have is this  The general text i want to insert is this:  (i've changed the way I've generated the pdf to be implicit) It doesn't look like I can call a function from within the Prawn::Document.new block, how can I get around this? I don't know all that much programming, so I feel there is a solution using a yield block, or a proc, or something I don't have much experience with... (basically each time I call this I want to be able to call a different symbol for the prices hash)","Because it's required to access a method outside the scope of the block, I'd use the  with explicit block form:  Didn't check it myself, but think should work. UPDATE To use different keys for hash, add another argument to general_text() method: ",,0,47,1,0,1,1
1301,Create User Using ASP.NET Membership,"When I create a user using membership in asp.net, after successfully create user it get automatically login to the system. But I don't want to login immediately. Can someone help me?","Set LoginCreatedUser property to false. For example, ",,1,31,1,0,0,1
1302,Using Composer Autoloader with PSR-4,"I'm looking at examples, and I cannot get my code to work. Directory Structure  My   Namespace is . Classes in vendor work fine, but not mine. I've run  as well.",Your  should look like so ,,0,91,1,0,1,1
1303,Split line into array of words + C,"I am trying to split a line into an array of words, but I am stuck on how to do this in C. My skills in C aren't very good, so I can't think of a way to ""execute"" my idea. Her is what I have so far:  In my method I receive (char *str, char *arr[10]), and str is the line that I want to split when I encounter a space. arr is the array where I want to store the words.  Is there any way to copy the 'chunk' of string that I want from 'str' into my tmp variable? This is the best way that I can think of right now, perhaps it's a terrible idea. If so, I would be happy to get some documentation or tips on a better method. ",,,0,8695,0,0,1,1
1304,How to get if a code exist in parse.com?,"I have a problem, I have this structure in parse.com in ""VerificationCode"" db:  When someone inserts a code in my app, it automatically adds in the ""attachedUser"" column the id of the user who is stored locally and I call it ""ParseInstallObject.codigo2"" and I get the id of the user for example to see it in a textview, etc. The problem is that I want to check if the user id exists in parse or not; and if it exists do something or if not exist do another thing. I used a code that I see in the documentation of parse.com but it always shows that the code exists. This is my code:  How can I see if the user has a valid code or not?",,,0,271,0,0,1,1
1305,Exploit regex_search,"I am trying to use Boost regular expressions module to extract the numbers from character strings of this format: ""{  12354,21354, 123 }"" The following code has been written to this end. As I do this operation in a loop the string is stored in :  However the size of the  object is 1, and it only contains 12354 in this example. I would like to know how I can retrieve all the numbers from the string.",You could maybe try to loop regex_search().   -   ,,0,90,0,0,1,1
1306,Insert a plain text inside a DIV with XSLT,"I'm creating a dynamic Menu using XSLT. Inside one DIV, I must put a text that's not an attribute. My XLST:  My XML (just an example. Actually, the XML doesn't matter):  The result I need is something like this:  I need to have this  like this  because I'm using inside this js function:  This JS function was made by a third part company, so it can't be changed. When I'm running the XSLT transformation, I receive this error: ""Attribute name ""data-sidebar"" associated with an element type ""div"" must be followed by the ' = ' character"" Is it possible to be done? There is another way to write this value inside the DIV? I've tried to use  but it didn't work. Thanks","Your xslt is invalid. change  to  this way,  will be presented as an attribute (with an empty content). The JS will now work.",,0,379,0,0,1,1
1307,How can I open a file from the explorer and copy to a directory?,"I have a little problem, I need to do a program that open the file explorer and copy the selected file in a specified directory. I've only found how to open the explorer :  but I need to get the selected file and copy in a default directory, and I really don't know how to do it.  Thanks a lot!!",I assume you have a SWT Java Application. Then you can use  to show a file chooser where the user selects a file. Without a GUI it wouldn't be easy to show a file choosing dialog to the user. This code snippet uses  from Apache Commons IO:  References:  FileDialog Javadoc FileUtils Javadoc How to use FileDialog? ,,0,201,0,0,1,1
1308,Google+ this class is not key value coding-compliant for the key showCircleCount,"I am using Google+ native sharing in my app.But its not working , i had tried the below code .  Here i am getting the exception like this ,  Unknown class GPPNativeShareACLViewController in Interface Builder file. Terminating app due to uncaught exception 'NSUnknownKeyException', reason: '[ setValue:forUndefinedKey:]: this class is not key value coding-compliant for the key showCircleCount.' Thanks in advance...","Just check your Header Path in Build Setting of your project, that might have not set correctly. You can delete sdk and add again so that project take its path again",,1,74,0,0,1,0
1309,How to use SQL with Postgresql commands in Flask (Python) without SQLAlchemy,"How would I use Postgresql without SQLAlchemy in a Flask (Python) application? Any tutorial links, etc would be appreciated.","You can use  to communicate with a Postgres database. Issuing requests would be the same as straight SQL, however it also has support for prepared queries, off hand I don't remember the syntax it uses. In terms of ensuring thread safety, I would create the connection and store it on  so every request uses its own connection.",,-1,365,0,0,0,1
1310,Convert a DataGridView Cell Value into a DateTime,"I've been searching for some time now for this answer: I've got a datagridview that has a cell with dates, and I need to make the value in that cell a DateTime value that can go with my DateTimePicker So far I've done this, but it's not working, it gives me a System.FormatException (apparently it can't recognize the string as a DateTime, which sounds about right) This is the code in question:  This is how my DateTimePicker is formatted:  And this is how the dates look in the DataGridView:  Any ideas on how I can convert the DataGridView's Date value into a DateTime that will fit into a DateTimePicker with that formaT?","Rather than take the  representation of the  value from the DataGridview cell, instead retrieve the actual  value from the DataDridview's datasource.",,1,14493,0,0,1,1
1311,Page Jumping Error from HTML to PHP - Site coded in tables?,"I am working on a site that was previously developed by someone else. You can see the site here: http://www.pivotalevents.com/nonametag/index.html Having issue on this page here: http://www.pivotalevents.com/nonametag/introduce.php I have coded in a CAPTCHA on the contact page and used some PHP, making the page a PHP extension file 'introduce.php'. Previously it was 'introduce.html'. The problem: When going from any page on the site, to the contact page, the entire contact page jumps around. The page expands, then collapses back to it's normal width. If you look at the logo, you can see it jump out, then back in. When I change the page back to .html extension, it doesn't do this. Why is this happening? Is it because the site's main wrapper is a table? Any direction would be greatly appreciated! :) ",I re-wrapped the site in div tags and now the page does not jump. Seems there was a problem related to the tables and switching from HTML to PHP.,0.0,0,39,0,0,0,0
1312,JQuery Refresh Issue,"So, I'm working on a jQuery script to pull value and custom url (html5) attributes from selected checkboxes and create a list of links from them. I'm still working through how to create this list, but in the meantime, I'm having an issue that I can't figure out at all. I select a checkbox, press the button, and ""This works"" appears in its proper place for about a half a second before the page refreshes it disappears. I've tried using an if-else statement, an , and a global variable for ifChecked. None of these have yielded the desired result and I can't figure out how to fix the problem. I just need some way to display an alert if no checkboxes are selected. Any suggestions? I've created a JSFiddle here: http://jsfiddle.net/mo1a9hg9/ HTML:  JS: ","Your 's type is  by default, meaning it will submit the form in which it resides when clicked. You see your JavaScript changes made for a second, then the form submits and the page redirects. Change that behaviour by changing the type attribute:  JSFiddle",,0,70,0,0,1,1
1313,"Is there any way to refer to, or convert a thread object as a string?","i am currently playing with an echo server and echo client which was provided fundamentally by my lecturer. each client connects to a socket thread which is started by start() in the EchoServer class. anyway i put the line ""System.out.println(this);""  within the loop in the server class. Thankfully this gives the output ""Thread[Thread-0,5,main]"",""Thread[Thread-1,5,main]"", depending on which thread it is, the first or second respectively.  I want to be able to say:   However ""Thread[Thread-1,5,main]"" is not a string so is there a way i can refer to the current thread as a string or how can i refer to it or convert it? also sorry for not sharing the code im just not sure if it is lawful considering it belongs to  my lecturer.","I think you may be looking for  and . However, as hexafraction pointed out, if you have references to the threads, just do the comparison directly:   returns a reference to the currently-executing thread.",,-1,44,0,0,1,1
1314,Prevent From 2 NotfiyIcons showing when program is open more than once at a time,"I'm having a problem with trying to get 1 NotfiyIcon to show rather than 2, when the application is open twice. An example can be, notepad being open twice (one editing one file, other editing another) Something like that. Is there a way I can have the notfiy icon open only once no matter how many times my application is open?",In your form load event: ,,2,31,0,0,0,1
1315,D3 custom attributes not being selected,"I currently have a hexagonal grid that is generated through looping through (thus the  and the ) and appending  as the following (which is nested inside a ):  such that each  has the custom attributes of  and . When I try to select a given hexagon and attempt to 'highlight' the location, such as below:  it simply doesn't work and throws no errors.  I can post more code if necessary. Here is the broader click function:  I attempted a solution with these to no avail:  D3 Equivalent to jQuery Attribute selector d3.select by attribute value Is it possible to set custom attributes of SVG objects as number and not as string?  If I simply missed an important point in one of those references, please let me know.","I rearranged the looping to have each  be contained within a  tag, where I put the  and  attributes, instead.  Through the mouseenter event, I select  using D3 on the polygon, step up to its parent, then work from there.  jQuery is able to see the attributes on the  so this workaround seemed to accommodate my needs.",,0,643,0,0,1,1
1316,Angular parent form-control Bootstrap / CSS is not applied to child component,"I created a autocomplete child component that I am using in parent. In parent when try to apply the validation using Bootstrap form-control it's not getting applied to this child component - which is an input box with a list, although it's getting applied to other controls which are not child.  Child component HTML:  Parent component:  Child CSS: ","I have several workaraounds in mind, so I hope any helps. As mentioned in the comments, add in your parent component decorator the property 'encapsulation' (same level as 'selector' and such) with ViewEncapsulation.None. Be aware that this approach makes styles of the parent component penetrate the whole app, so be wary with doing this unless you have the parent selector be really specific such as  use @Input property on child component to pass the validation boolean, and apply the class directly according to the Input passed. add a  selector to parent, and then add behind it a  making that specific styling penetrate child classes. Be wary that this approach is deprecated though, so it might stop working in the future (although unlikely) Note: also note that you are applying the  class to a selector.. if you inspect with chrome web browser you will see that this selector usually is a different element that where you try to add your class... so maybe your best approach is using inputs",,1,379,0,5,1,1
1317,ItemsControl having multiple DataTemplate in WPF,I would like to draw in canvas different shapes. How can I make object from ArrowsItems ObservableCollection and CircleItems ObservableCollecton visible in canvas? I am also creating Shapes ObservableCollection including every Circle and Arrows Items. I think that propably the reason is in the data binding but don't know where.  The goal is possibility to generate and then draw programmatically circles and arrows.  Also in my ViewModel:  And after adding some objects of CircleItem class to CircleItems and ArrowItem to ArrowItems: ,"Make sure you initialize the  property before the view model is assigned to the DataContext. The collection properties should all be readonly, otherwise you would have to fire a property change notification from their setters. ",,0,421,0,1,1,1
1318,I am having problem with communication between siblings components,"The problem is the following I have this structure:   Where the component 'FormNotas' is a form that I send information to an API in the backend, and the 'TabelaNotas' component displays what comes from the database. The problem here is that I can not update the 'TabelaNotas' component when I enter a record through the 'FormNotas' component. Follow the codes below: Notas.js       TabelaNotas.js       FormNotas.js      ","Move the notas collection and the function for sending data to the API to a common parent component and pass them down as props to each (the function to FormNotas and the collection to TableNotas). This coverts both FormNotas and TableNotas into presentational components that delegate their logic to a container component that can control both.  For more on container and presensentional components, read this.",1.0,0,90,0,0,1,0
1319,"Open source projects requiring interaction designers, usabilitity?","I am looking for any open source projects to get myself involved in where I can contribute my skills as an interaction designer - focusing on usability and obviously good user interaction.  I looked at a couple at sourceforge, but looks like they bundle usability with graphic design (I shall tackle that issue another day).  Any ideas on sites to scour for projects or any leads on projects?","I'd suggest something like KDE, GNOME, Firefox or Eclipse. They have a large user base and did some work on usability already which should help to get you started. The usual way to approach this is to get in contact with someone from the team, introduce yourself and offer your help. If they can't help you directly, they should be able to forward you to someone else.",,1,116,0,0,0,0
1320,Rendering a 3d wpf model as an image and passing back to a website,I have a requirement to do the following.  Pass a set of variables from a website to a backend webservice Apply the variables to a WPF 3D model. Generate an image and pass back to the website.  Is this possible?,"Yes - you'd need to trigger the WPF program remotely, possibly using remoting, and then you'd have to write the resulting image out to a file or stream which could then be rendered back over the pipeline as a byte array. It wouldn't be pretty code, but it is workable.",,0,279,0,0,0,0
1321,"library to convert CSV to XML, MYSQL, html, RSS, JSON and etc?","it can be any language. is there a library, software, or plugin that will convert the csv to the various formats?",I'd just use the dynamic language of my choice. Most of them have a CSV library and libraries to generate the output you want. Just a few lines and you have written it yourself.,1.0,0,672,0,0,0,0
1322,Windows Vista language text service problem,"I'm using English version of Vista and having problems with using programs that display Russian characters somewhere. For example dictionaries doesn't work for me, since they display Russian character. Also I see just ""magic"" characters in text editor (notepad) when open a Russian text file. I tried to change whole Vista Interface language to Russian, but it still didn't solve the problem. I CAN read any web page from browser, that's not a problem. Also adding ""Russian"" in ""Text Services and Input Languages"" doesn't solve this problem. Does anyone know how to solve this? Thanks. My System: 32-bit Windows Vista Home Premium - SP2",After spending whole day on this issue I was finally able to solve it. I just needed to change language for non-Unicode applications to Russian. I never knew about this property :). I hope my answer will be helpful to someone.,,0,109,0,0,0,0
1323,How to augment module in project scope?,"I'm using fastify with plugin fastify-static. I also provide my own TypeScript types declaration for this plugin in :  Additionally plugin extends fastify  with method . When I augment fastify module in module scope like this, works fine:  Unfortunately it works only in this module. When I move declaration to  or  it override module instead of augment. How can I augment  module in project scope?","Titian Cernicova-Dragomir was right. Module augmentation shout be in , but not as separate module declaration. ",,0,189,0,0,1,1
1324,Autolayout constraints for UIImageView with margins,"I'm attempting to create a custom TableView cell that contains a UIImageView with margins. No matter what I try, the top and bottom margins collapse. I've read through various threads here and around the web, and I'm at a loss for what I'm doing wrong. At this point, I have to assume there is a fundamental flaw in how I'm thinking about this problem. Can anyone here help me? Here is my current setup:  And here is part of the output in the simulator: ","Thank you for your help. This turned out to be simple user error, though it would have been nice to get a warning from the compiler ;) In my ViewController, I wasn't setting my Custom Cell's profileImage.image property—I was instead setting the image on some default imageView property, which I wasn't even aware existed.  The default imageView of course did not make use of the constraints. Now I need to do some research on that default imageView... doh! ",,0,73,0,0,0,0
1325,Qt qwidget appearing and disappearing instantly,"I was writing a chat program with . I finished the client-side program and started improving it. The first thing I did was making a new  (a secondary window) that would appear when pressing the connect button on my main window. Everything went fine, but when I tested and pressed the connect button on my main window, my secondary window appeared and disappeared instantly. How can I make my secondary window stay (not disappear) for the time the user presses the button (which is on the secondary window)?  Here is the code of both my windows :  main window.h ():  main window.cpp (fenClient.cpp) This is where the secondary window is created.  secondary window.h (fenconnexion.h)  secondary window.cpp (fenconnexion.cpp)  I feel like I've made a very simple error, but as I haven't used Qt in over 6 months, I don't seem to find it.","You need to make sure you've set up the window properly before trying to show it.  Set the parent of the window before invoking  on it. That makes the window ' child, which means that it's ' responsibility to manage its life-cycle.",0.0,0,503,0,0,1,1
1326,Laravel Create Function to be used in different Controllers/in the same Controller,"It's more a general question, I want someone to point me to the direction I should go. 1) FUNCTION FOR SAME CONTROLLER: I have two methods: Store and Update in the same controller. They both should contain some complex request validation (which I can't do via validator or form request validation because it's too complex). This means for me now using the same code twice in two methods... How can I take this code, create a function and use it in both Store and Update methods just with a single line, like:  2) FUNCTION FOR DIFF. CONTROLLERS: I have another code which I use in many different Contollers. It transliterates Russian letters into Latin ones ('Сергей' = 'Sergey' and so on). How and where should I register this function to be able using it in different Contollers?   I have read something about helpers. Should I use them? If you an experienced Laravel develper and say so, I will read everything about them. Or, if you advice something else - I'll read about that.:) I just don't want to spend time reading about something useless or ""not right way to-do-it"". Appreciate any help!","everyone! Thank you all for great answers. But I have discovered that the problem was that I didn't know anything about Object-Oriented Programming. (Ans I was working in Laravel:)). After I took an Object Oriented Bootcamp from Laracasts, I started 'seeing' how Laravel actually works and I know can easily create methods inside classes and use them in other classes. https://laracasts.com/series/object-oriented-bootcamp-in-php (of course, you can read something else on OOP, but Jeffrey Way has really outstanding explanation talent!)",,0,401,0,0,1,0
1327,List all outgoing edges using GraphQL in DGraph,I have freebase dump in a distributed environment in Dgraph. I also have 4.5 Million node addresses and want to iterate over the edges of those nodes. I am using GraphQL. Can you point me in the right direction as to how I can (enumerate?) over the edges and reach the neighbor nodes? Note: I don't know the edge types. Is this relevant? http://graphql.org/learn/pagination/,"To get a list of predicates in GraphQL+-, you can use  keyword. If you want to expand the predicates, you can use  function. Keyword  can be especially useful for you. Take a look at Expand Predicates section of Dgraph documentation   for more details and examples.",,1,445,0,0,0,1
1328,scapy send(packet) is not working on one NIC windows,"I have windows 7 64-bit with python 2.7 running on it. I also have latest version of scapy 2.3.3 for windows. I am trying to send some packets via scapy and capture on wireshark. I have two NICs one of which has static IP and other dynamic. Over the NIC having dynamic IP I am able to generate traffic via scapy and capture it, but cannot capture packets over the NIC with static IP. Although scapy says that the packet is sent. but unable to capture it.",By selecting the correct interface I was able to solve the problem. To check the available interfaces open cmd and type 'ipconfig /all'. Which will show all available interfaces. While generating traffic via scapy give the name of interface through which traffic is supposed to go. e.g.  Windows has different names of interfaces. The name of the interface is mentioned in front of description when 'ipconfig /all' is used.,,2,1008,0,0,0,1
1329,Publish Aurelia component on NPM?,"We have built a small-ish application using Aurelia, and would like to be able to integrate the app into a larger codebase. For example, it may be desirable to publish the Aurelia app on NPM, so other projects could integrate our code. How can we build/publish the Aurelia app, so that it can be instantiated in a larger JavaScript application?","Typically, you wouldn't publish an entire Aurelia application to NPM, rather you would push plugins to NPM. The simplest way to learn how to do this is to follow the example of the various Aurelia repos. We build the code in to multiple formats, but the most important are AMD and CommonJS (which is more important for your company is dependent on what tooling your company is using). Once you've built the code, the next step is to make sure your  file is set up correctly. It's best to copy the example of what we're doing in our own repos.  I would start by looking at either the dialog plugin or the  plugin. Both of these show good examples of how to publish your Aurelia plugin to NPM, whether it is a public or private npm feed. https://github.com/aurelia/dialog/blob/master/package.json https://github.com/aurelia/templating-resources/blob/master/package.json Both of these plugins are set up to support Webpack, JSPM/SystemJS, and the Aurelia CLI out of the box.",,0,174,0,0,0,1
1330,Access VBA SQL String Syntax eror,"I am trying to delete all multiple records in ARPs and I can#t figure out why this doesn't work. I get an Error 3075 when I run this in ACCESS saying:   ""Syntax Error in Date in Query 'ARPs.ARPNR  = 'CLU7BG' AND   ARPs.Änderungsdatum < #29.07.2016 12:21:42'""  Thanks for any help you can provide. ","Assuming your allMult.Fields(""Änderungsdatum"") is a Date then you can use QueryDef to allow you to pass parameters.  In this case you don't need to worry about formatting.  Using parameter queries is a good habit to get into.  Including strings in a SQL string for execution is generally bad practice.  Google SQL Injection to find out why. ",,0,40,0,0,1,1
1331,Deleting a row in an array based on the smallest value in anther array,"I am using python-3.x, , and I have searched about the following error but could not find the correct solution.  the Error is:  So what I am doing is creating random binary array “binary” also a random numbers array “value” and I want to delete the lowest two rows in the binary array based on the (index) for the smallest two values in the  “value” array. as I know I am accessing outside the bounds of an array but what is the right way to solve this error? So in my code, where is the problem and how can solve it Any help would be highly appreciated  In this code, I used np.argmin because I don't want to use sorting.     ","The problem in your code is that after the first iteration in , you deleted an element from  but not from . Hence these arrays are not of the same length anymore, and the indices in both of them are not consistent. In addition, by doing  in both iterations, you are just finding the same minimal value twice, not the 2 smallest. Instead, you can do the following:  unlike sorting, np.argpartition runs in linear time, using Introselect. It finds the indices of  largest elements (not in sorted order). I did   because you wanted the 2 smallest elements, and I also reshaped  to a  array to input it into . ",,1,34,0,0,1,1
1332,How to write css for parent class based on child class?,"I want to add  only for  class but child class of """". How i am struggling to write  for it, can anyone help me. Thanks ",Hi this is working too ,,0,538,0,0,1,1
1333,Image resize results in vertical bars (python & PIL),"This in being used in django view. Im trying to reduce the size of a incoming image to create an thumbnail. To simplify things, I made the resize width/height the same as the original image (i've tried making it smaller and the exact same problem occurred.   When downloaded, the file looks like this: Vertical Lines The original file (take from the server) looks like this: Original","If I save the files as a ""PNG"" the resultant image is perfect, so the code s/b:  Yayyy.",,0,335,0,0,1,1
1334,Does Google Nearby Connections support non-Android endpoints?,"I'd like to do fun things with Android Nearby Connections 2.0, but I wasn't clear from the announcement which of the technologies (messaging, file transfer, socket-like comms, etc) can have a non-android endpoint.  For example, if I want my android phone to control my LeJOS (java) legos, can I?  Or do all endpoints (even the whiteboards, RC cars, etc) need all endpoints to be Android (or Android Things) OS?",From the announcement post link you gave:  Today we're announcing the availability of this API across   all Android devices running Google Play services 11.0 and up.  I think that answers your question. Should Google provide a implementation for devices not running Android and not running Google Play then non-Android endpoints would be possible.,,0,112,0,0,0,0
1335,"when returning json data from webservice top tag is adding <string xmlns=""http://tempuri.org/"">",Hi  every one  when returning json data from webservice top tag is adding   please let me know how to remove top xml tag in the webservice  please let me know if any one this issue  i used the below method read  var obj = new List(); ,Use WCF just return list json object data is returned,,0,143,0,0,1,0
1336,JavaScript keydown event: can I tell what element previously had focus?,"When a user was focused on a particular element when they pressed the tab key, I want to execute a particular function. But I don't want to this function to execute unless that particular element had focus when the tab key was pressed. Is there a way to to tell what element had (has?) focus from the keydown event itself? Or should I set a  property in response to onBlur and onFocus events on that element?",You can use  to get current focused element.  or  use  following code  ,,0,1731,0,0,1,1
1337,setting up page number for jqgrid,"I am facing a problem in setting up the page numbers of jqgrid dynamically. I am new to this jqgrid and would like the assistance to learn it fast. I have a scenario which if somebody can answer would be very great for me.  I have an application, which can bring millions of records in a single query output. For this i want something like paging chunks of data instead of getting all data at once (which will not happen anyhow) For this, i would hit server for first time and find out the total records to be displayed, but return only 2000 of it. Once user uses paging next button and reaches the last record, on click of next button, the next 2000 records from server will be brought up. Problem here is the pager shows that there are only 20 pages (i have set 100 as total records in a page), and it disable next button as soon as page 20 is accessed, thus stopping to get new set of data from server Even if somehow, i get the next set of data, the page should shows me only 20 records of initial. I want page to show me total records/size of page in first go itself although there will be only 2000 records, so that next, previous, first and last button can be used freely and data from server can be brought as and when required.  Has anybody worked on such a thing? I am really stuck with this requirement for over 2 weeks now. Thanks to all in advance. Hope to get an answer soon on this.","I have got it working using localreader which helps me set the total, records and page count to correct values.",,0,788,0,0,0,0
1338,Why is my form disappearing when I press ENTER?,"Good-day, I'm experiencing a very strange event that just started happening.  Whenever I press the ENTER button on my keyboard, I expect the KeyDown event of my textbox to be raised and the corresponding code run.  Instead, the form disappears (as if the .Hide() method has been called).  When I debug, I see that the code that's supposed to run after the KeyDown event is raised is executing accordingly - but the form just disappears. I've never encountered this before, so I don't know what to do.  Any help would be appreciated.  Thanks. HERE'S THE CODE OF MY FORM: ",I figured out the problem.  I was calling Dispose() at the end of my GetDBData() function - so the form was getting disposed before execution returned back to the TextBox.  I deleted it and all is well again.,,0,1006,0,0,1,0
1339,pyserial.readline() with python 2.7,"I am using python 2.7.2 with pyserial 2.6. What is the best way to use pyserial.readline() when talking to a device that has a character other than ""\n"" for eol? The pyserial doc points out that pyserial.readline() no longer takes an 'eol=' argument in python 2.6+, but recommends using io.TextIOWrapper as follows:   ser = serial.serial_for_url('loop://', timeout=1)   sio = io.TextIOWrapper(io.BufferedRWPair(ser, ser)) However the python io.BufferedRWPair doc specifically warns against that approach, saying ""BufferedRWPair does not attempt to synchronize accesses to its underlying raw streams. You should not pass it the same object as reader and writer; use BufferedRandom instead."" Could someone point to a working example of pyserial.readline() working with an eol other than 'eol'? Thanks, Tom","read() has a user-settable maximum size to the data it reads(in bits), if your data strings are a predictable length you could simply set that to capture a fixed-length string. it's sort of 'kentucky windage' in execution but so long as your data strings are consistent in size it won't bork.  beyond that, your real option is to capture and write the data stream to another file and split out your entries manually/programatically.  for example, you could write your datastream to a .csv file, and adjust the delimiter variable to be your EoL character. ",,1,2211,0,0,0,0
1340,How to get the actual Activity?,"Maybe this is the dumbest question ever, but I'm having a little trouble getting the actual  object. My purpose: In order to extract error handling from the different s, I made a class  with static methods. Such a method looks like this for example:  In order to access the  method, I have to pass the  as parameter. As I read in different questions here, there is no other way to access s from outside a running . But, from the  itself, how can I access this object? Neither the  nor the  are exactly the  object.","If you're calling that method from an Activity, just do .",,0,118,0,0,1,1
1341,increase by one a variable every time you push a button (PHP),"I'd like that the variable  is increase by 1 every time I push the submit button.  (The name of the page is study.php so every time I push the button the page is refreshed):  The first time 1 push the button $order is 1, the second 2, the third is 3 ... etc Thanks for your help!    EDIT: SOLVED ",,,1,10533,0,0,1,1
1342,How do I render JavaScript Image object from template level?,"I am having an observable array of image objects, and I wonder how would I render those images from template perspective ? EDIT: What I am doint is something like this :  Where  is a property of an object :  And this viewBoxImage is just an image that is loaded in some async loading method.",I have done it through a custom binder like this:  }; Sample usage: ,,0,156,0,0,1,1
1343,Revision Control to Use in Web App Editor,"I'm creating a web-based editor for web apps. I'm exploring ideas to auto-save as someone develops a web app. Similar to Google Docs, I want the developer(s) to be able to revert anything they do. What revision control solution do you recommend? Should I use GIT and commit every five seconds after developer stops typing?",I like the idea but don't have experience with the similar problem. However maybe the 1.st answer (marked as correct one) on this question could give you a hint: Using a version control system as a data backend,,1,30,0,0,0,0
1344,"neo4j node property type suggestion, indexes or parent object relationship?","New to neo4j so I wanted to ask a basic question about database schema design. Assuming 2 object types  Users  Posts  Where users can like posts and there will be some very large amont of users and posts, should the object type be stored as a property of the node?  Or, should I just create two indexes one for users, another for posts?  Finally, should I just create a parent object for Users and a different one for Posts and they all have an ""isA"" relationship.  I saw someone mention that would create a supernode penalty, which I'm not sure what that means. I know that it always depends on the situation but what would be the right design in the most common case scenarios?","Ok, so I've added the nodeType property and set up a separate auto_index property for each which seems to work well. I'm curious to see how this will change when node types gets introduced in Neo4j 2.0",,0,345,0,0,0,0
1345,Which control(s) using for a Date Input and a Time input in WPF,"In my WPF application, i would like that my user could input a date, and , optionnaly a time.  I can use a DatePicker in WPF for the date, ok, but what for the time ? A simple TextBox ? What are your advices please ?","You can use the library WPF Toolkit extended at this address: http://wpftoolkit.codeplex.com/ You have a TimePicker / DateTimePicker, etc all what you want",,0,1197,0,0,1,0
1346,jQuery Mobile XML Parsing into Table,I have just started using the jQuery Mobile framework and wanted to amend what I had originally set up as a grid to a table. The problem I am facing is that I am only getting the first line of data from my XML parse although there is 8 amounts of data to come in.  I am guessing that the grid automatically added a row for each new set it found where by the tabe layout does not and may need some kind of 'each' for every piece of data it finds - I am not sure how to do that if that's the case but if any one can help I'd be very grateful- Thanks. ,I have figured that coding out or removing:  has put the whole table in place! Now I just need to figure out how to configure it to use the new column hider feature...,1.0,0,590,0,0,1,1
1347,regular expressions explanation in javascript,"Can somebody explain what this regular expression does?  Also it would be great if I can strip out the double quotes I'm seeing in the cookieInfo values. i.e. when cookieInfo=""xyz+asd"" - I want to strip out the double quotes using the above regular expression.","It searches the document.cookie string for . Next it grabs all of the characters which are not  (until it hits the first semicolon).  set of all characters included inside.  set of all characters which don't match   Then it lets the RegEx search through all other characters.  any character, 0 or more times.  end of string (or in some special cases, end of line). You could replace  a couple of different ways, but rather than stuffing it into the regex, I'd recommend doing a replace on it after the fact:  That second regex says ""look at the start of the string and see if there's a , or look at the end of the string and see if there's a . Normally, a RegEx would stop after it did the first thing it found.  The  at the end means to keep going for every match it can possibly find in the string that you gave it. I wouldn't put it in the original RegEx, because playing around with optional quotes can be ugly. If they're guaranteed to always, always be there, then that's great, but if you assume they are, and you hit one that doesn't have them, then you're going to get a  match.",,0,98,0,0,1,1
1348,how can i include a container view in a uiscrolview?,"i have an project in xcode where i have to include a container view (iOS 6) in a UIScrollView. How do i have to do that? If i put a container view in a UIScrollView it does nothing (it let not show a scroll bar or something). If i put an UIImageView in it, it doesn't work too. My code is: ","turn off auto layout, that will help",,0,74,0,0,1,0
1349,A single DTO with multiple constructors - does this seem like an appropriate solution?,"I have an entity called ""Set"" which contains Cards.  Sometimes I want to see the entire card and its contents (card view), when sometimes I just want to know how many cards are in the Set (table views).  In my effort to keep things DRY, I decided to try and re-use my SetDto class with multiple constructors like this:   I originally had two different DTOs for sets - ThinSetDto and FullSetDto - but this seemed messy and tougher to test.  Does the above solution seem ok, or am I breaking a known best-practice? Thank you for your time!",I would create three methods in the SetManager class (a class handling CRUD operations) not in the DTO. The dto shold have no such a logic inside. Anyway I agree with you that the replication is useless (and evil).,,0,245,0,0,1,0
1350,Anchor Tags not working in Chrome,"I'm using anchor tags in my script so that when I go back to the page I can save the position I was at. The problem is it only works when I click the link. When I refresh the page, or go back to it it doesn't. What am I not seeing? Believe it or not... this is a problem with Chrome - it actually works fine in IE!!!(I can't believe I just said that)  OUTPUT: ",Found a solution I had to add this: ,,1,4301,0,0,1,1
1351,Toast android phone with welcome greeting message when a wireless network is available,"I am building an android app which once installed helps automating some of my home controls. As the first simple feature of the app, i want the phone to toast me with welcome message whenever i enter my home.  I thought i could implement this by putting in a BroadCastReceiver with action name ""android.net.wifi.WIFI_STATE_CHANGED"" and i assumed, whenever a new network is available, the broadcast receiver will be notified and i could check the SSID to see if i have arrived home. Manifest file:  My WifiNetworksAvailableBroadcastReceiver looks like:  Now with the app installed. I enter my home but i do not get the toast. I tried running the app in the background but still i did not get the toast. Could anyone give an direction? Is my approach correct?","Try to change the receiver with the event SCAN_RESULTS_AVAILABLE_ACTION. Your receiver will be called every time a new wifi scan has been done, then you can check if your SSID is present in the list of available ones calling getScanResults() and eventually show the toast. PS. Have you registered your receiver?",,1,426,0,0,1,0
1352,RestEasy: Is it possible to post two complexe objects?,"I am trying to transport two complexe objects as parameter with RestEasy with @POST annotation.   With only one parameter is allright, but with two - I get Exception:  The example: https://github.com/markstein/de.mosst/tree/master/PlayareaRestEasy","That is possible, but with carefulness. The two parameters must be annotated with .  and the attributes of the two classes must have  annotation:  But be careful, the value of  must be unequal, else RestEasy cannot parse the data correctly. May be that is bug of RestEasy.",,0,1829,0,0,1,1
1353,Simple PHP script for downloading results,"I need to download results from a website using a for loop to compile them. (Note that it's an ASP request which displays a webpage with these parameters) I wrote the following code to get me this:  But it returns several errors. Apparently it can't copy the ASPX file to the HTML DOM. How do I go about doing this? Also, how can I download/save the pages where the string 'Download' is not found?  I also think my method of finding 'Download' in the document is not working. What is the correct way to do this?","The website you're attempting to parse contains a lot of errors, therefore you wont be able to use the standard DOMDocument object. You can attempt to use a library such as SimpleHTMLDOM (http://simplehtmldom.sourceforge.net/) or phpQuery (https://code.google.com/p/phpquery/) and hope that those are good enough to parse the malformed document. In case you just need some information it might be easier to use regular expressions and preg_match_all (http://www.php.net/manual/en/function.preg-match-all.php) to find every occurrence of 'Academic' for example. Note, usually it is not very advisable to use regular expression when working with structured documents such as HTML since you wont be able to take advantage of the structure, but since those documents seem to contain over 300 errors and differ from each other it might be the only way.",1.0,0,155,0,0,1,0
1354,foreach throws NullReferenceException on ObservableCollection,"I have  and  And I have this code:  I can see from the logs that this code sometimes throws an Exception with message ""Something is null here. a.Count: 9, enumerator is  not null"". When this starts happening it continues top happen on every page load until I iisreset. The innerexception of course is a System.NullReferenceException and it has this stacktrace:  where line 74 is the line that says  Why does it throw this exception? Edit: The collection is sometimes updated by a background thread. I thought this could not cause worse problems than a failed iteration but it turns out the whole collection becomes corrupted.","The  class is not thread-safe. Modifying it from multiple threads can corrupt the internal state to such an extent that it becomes impossible to modify or enumerate the instance.  You will randomly see exceptions such as  and  - and that's the best possible result! In other cases, the changes to the collection could be silently dropped. You will either need to wrap your access to the list in a lock, possibly using the  class, or switch to a thread-safe collection. For .NET 4.0, the  namespace has several possibilities.",0.0,0,1056,0,0,1,1
1355,text element not moving with jQuery UI Draggable,"I have a text element within an SVG that I have applied jQuery ui draggable to. Whenever I try to drag it around, the top and left CSS attributes change as you would expect, however, the element itself does not move - it just stays where it is. This defys everything I understand about positioning. It seems as though it is just ignoring the 'top' and 'left' rules altogether. However, the plot thickens. I have also applied ui-draggable to an image within the same svg and it's working fine for that. When I drag it around, it moves as expected. Most intriguingly, if I drag some text, then it won't move however if I then move the image, then the text suddenly moves to where I had tried to drag it to! Can someone provide any insight as to what is going on here please? The HTML looks like this:  The JavaScript looks like this: ","The svg  element doesn't do anything with , because it adheres to the svg rendering model, not the CSS box model. For a list of properties supported in svg content, see the svg specification. You can set  on the entire <svg> fragment if it's inline in html, because in that case it's laid out by CSS.",,0,987,0,0,1,1
1356,"MYSQL: Search for User ID in one table to search for data in 2 other tables, then show data from all 3 tables","I have a database with entries similar to the following...  users: +-----+------+----------+---------+-------+ | UID | Name |  Addr    |  City   | State | +-----+------+----------+---------+-------+ |   1 | John | 101 Main | Austin  | TX    | |   2 | John | 101 Main | Houston | TX    | |   3 | John | 101 Main | Del Rio | TX    | |   4 | John | 101 Main | Houston | TX    | +-----+------+----------+---------+-------+  verification: +-----+---------------+--------------+ | UID | LicenseFirst3 | LicenseLast3 | +-----+---------------+--------------+ |   1 |           554 |          122 | |   2 |           556 |          345 | |   3 |           555 |          382 | |   4 |           555 |          108 | +-----+---------------+--------------+  section_user_map: +-----+-----------+---------------------+ | UID | SectionID |    CompleteDate     | +-----+-----------+---------------------+ |   1 |        65 | 2012-05-12 05:05:15 | |   2 |        72 | 2012-05-06 14:03:15 | |   3 |        65 | 2012-05-09 16:13:15 | |   4 |        72 | 2012-05-06 18:14:15 | +-----+-----------+---------------------+  I need to be able to search for students who completed section 65 between noon on day X and noon on day Y. I also need to show the student's name, address, city, state and first and last three digits of their license number. I believe this will require both a left join and union command but it's getting a bit too complicated to formulate.", See it on sqlfiddle. No  required.  Outer join would only be required if you still want to return results for users who do not exist in one (or both) of the  or  tables.,,-4,597,0,0,0,1
1357,How to get index of object in observablecollection passed as parameter,"so here it is:  So i pass ""param"" to SowGame by pressing a button Command=""{Binding SowCommand}"" param is now an object of Bowl type in SowGame i want to do something with this Bowl object and i know a certain object from a collection can be reached by using Bowls[index of object]. But converting the object to int as above doesn't seem to work.  How can i get the index of the passed object?",I figured it out! Here's what caused the problem:  To be able to get the index of the pressed button (which is bound to the above command) you need two things: First you need to implement a function which somehow computes the index of an element in a collection. For example in my case:  Of course the method of getting the index depends on the problem. The above code is a part of the implementation of my Bowl type. After this you have to add  to your .xaml and the code in the question should work properly.,,0,3058,0,0,1,1
1358,Numpy: Comparison within Multidimensional array values,"I have a 2D array in the following form:  For each  greater than  and less than , I would like to get the number of 's that are greater than  and less than . I hope there is an efficient way of doing this in Numpy apart from indexing one by one. EDIT: So I have a 2xN array. The first row has ordered values of N X's and second row has ordered values of N Y's. What I would like to get is:  get a the  and  index of X, that have a value that is greater than  and less than  then slice the Y array (just one array) in the index range [, ] count the number of elements in my slice, having Yilower_limit_Yupper_limit_Y`. ","Here are two ways you could do this, the more strait forward way is probably,  If your array is very large and both x and y are sorted you could use  instead, ",0.0,1,2609,0,0,1,1
1359,putting userid (or username) in url as querystring in Desire2Learn,"I need to put a link in D2L to an external website. When the user click the link, his username should be included in the url, something like: www.abc.com/index.aspx?username=user1 Is there any parameter that can allow me do that easily? Like: index.aspx?username={userid} Thanks!","I believe that the user name of the currently-logged-in user is one of the replacement strings that you can use in links placed in the LMS' UI. However, replacement strings do not get processed in all the places you could put a link in the LMS: for example, if you write a link into a discussion thread post or the like, I'm not sure that a replacement string used there would get expanded. If you search on the web for ""Desire2Learn replacement strings"", you'll find a variety of pages hosted by various educational institutions that document a list of replacement strings that might work for you (in fact,  seems to be the one you want). You should be aware thought that when you use a replacement string in an outbound URL that sends the information in the clear through the network: you may want to do this with caution, for privacy/security reasons.",,0,233,0,0,0,1
1360,"Using connect with facebook on a kiosk, will the kiosk IP be banned?",We are going to run an internet game in a conference on kiosks. We will be getting signups using Facebook connect on the kiosk. We will be logging out connected users after they play the game. We are wondering if the IP of the kiosk will get a ban - because multiple users will use connect with facebook feature in a short timespan on the same kiosk. Can anyone verify if this sort of usage has no problems?,"Unless you are expecting a huge flood of signups in very small amount of time, you should be fine. Really, its hard for human action to trigger something like this, its almost always by bots that either do a HUGE amount in a short time, or a small amount consistently over the course of a prolonged time.",,0,105,0,0,0,0
1361,Javascript regex array does not match,"My pattern stops after the first match and it has the global match in there.  QUESTION START I want the above (first code block) to alert ""_test1_*,_test2_""  and I want the below (second code block) to remain the same (as shown by the commentend section). I don't know why _test2_ does not match because it matches perfectly with the tests shown below. QUESTION FINISH The following are tests and work as they should. ",After numerous trial and error attempts I have finally found my answer by adding |\b. Thank you @Alih Nehpets for your attempts at answering my question. ,,0,151,0,0,1,1
1362,Highlight all cells in a specific tableview section,"My requirement is that: if the user clicks any row in a section, all the rows in that section need to be highlighted (change background color). I have a custom tableviewcell for this. I was trying to play with setSelected in the custom tableviewcell, but once you scroll, the cells get reset (obviously). So, to fix this, in my - (void)tableView:(UITableView *)tableView willDisplayCell:(UITableViewCell *)cell forRowAtIndexPath:(NSIndexPath *)indexPath, I was trying to use [tableView indexPathForSelectedRow].section to retrieve the section, then I was looping through it to select the cells. The problem ends up being that everytime you scroll, you can kind of notice the cells getting selected which makes it look buggy. Any suggestions?","Make sure that your app isn't relying on the table cells to remember their selection state -- your app should be keeping track of what is and isn't selected somewhere other than in the views. Your table data source's  method is called each time the table needs to display a new cell, that is, a cell that wasn't visible before. That's your chance to configure the cell properly. It should check the data for the table, determine if the cell is supposed to be selected, and set the selected state appropriately.",,1,297,1,0,0,1
1363,Create your own Open Graph Protocol type?,"I'm not sure I understand Open Graph Protocol well enough to answer this question.  I'm using the  feature on a Facebook registration.  The typeahead is equivalent to an input box that allows for autocomplete. For the autocomplete suggestions, it only allows for ""an array of open graph protocol types.""  There are predefined arrays for Open Graph but can you create your own? Thanks!",You have to use one of their prebuilt types that the open graph supports.  Your best option would probaby be to use a drop down list (type = select) in the field array: ,,1,381,1,0,1,1
1364,Fastest way to get numerical value of the request's IP Address in ASP.NET,What would be the fastest way to get the numerical format (NOT THE STRING FORMAT) of the client?  I can postcompute this by some code like  based on the Request.UserHostAddress string but I was hoping that IIS or ASP.NET precomputes this and it's somewhere hidden in the HttpContext. Am I wrong?,"HttpContext does not seem to be doing any more magic than what you already see: a string value in  Some background info:   is of type  which takes a as parameter when instantiated. The  is an abstract class instantiated by hosting implementations like, in case of IIS,  which then implements the abstract method  of  which is internally used by .  knows that  is the IIS property it needs to read and, after going through a few more layers of abstraction while passing around the request context, it all finally ends in calling  in webengine.dll which simply writes a string of length  into  containing the same stuff you get from . Since i doubt that there are other parts in the HttpContext that get fed request-sender related information, i'm assuming you'll have to keep doing your own magic for conversion for which there are plenty of ideas in the link i posted in the comments.",,0,413,1,0,1,1
1365,Bad Request 400 Curl Problem,"It seems like im getting a problem when Im trying to send a request to a server in php. The http api request is something like this:  https://www.quickbase.com/db/basddzvkb?act=API_DoQuery&ticket=6_bsdaaap8y_by5bx6_b_crji7wwewew3b9asd5zibmf8jh3bhsdsddvhruc9csquzdg9bzw4&apptoken=cgsb5xdwehusdaaagcjs222dz9&fmt=structured&query={'22'.ct.'test'}  I have the following part of my code in php where I believe the error is occuring:  This is what I get from the print_r(curl_getinfo($ch)) statement:  [content_type] => text/html     [http_code] => 400     [header_size] => 129     [request_size] => 251     [filetime] => -1     [ssl_verify_result] => 20     [redirect_count] => 0     [total_time] => 0.281     [namelookup_time] => 0     [connect_time] => 0.063     [pretransfer_time] => 0.188     [size_upload] => 0     [size_download] => 20     [speed_download] => 71     [speed_upload] => 0     [download_content_length] => 20     [upload_content_length] => 0     [starttransfer_time] => 0.281     [redirect_time] => 0     [certinfo] => Array ( )   Also as you can see that I commented out the curlopt_post, its because it was causing problems when I was doing a different api request. Im not sure what the solution can be and I have been looking at this problem for awhile now hopefully someone can help me thanks :) ","Datasage helped me come up with this answer, you basically have to add urlencode(""{'22'.ct.'test'}""); to this part of the code and it will produce the correct output.",1.0,1,5333,1,0,1,0
1366,PHP Fix Needed on How to Bypass mkdir if Folder Already Exists,"I have a PHP file which creates a unique directory for each user when a file is uploaded.  I would like the script to check and see if the directory already exists and if so then skip the mkdir action.  Here is my code sample:  To continue this example, please assume that the folder ""123"" already exists.  How do I modify it for this case?  I am thinking it must be some sort of if...else statement.  Thanks for going through this issue.",,,0,625,1,0,1,1
1367,Zend - Add subForm to existing display group,"In my controller I got a function which looks like this:  When the user press (+) on the form, a new subForm will be displayed. I'm currently in the process if shaping it into a table. I will have more than one subForm on this form so I need to use DisplayGroups. In this situation, I believe I have to create a Display group when the form is first created. Then I need to append the new subForms to the existing display groups. So the question: How do I add new subForms to an existing display group?","You can achieve this by simply adding  This causes the sub-form to act like a display group, i.e. its values are wrapped in an array indexed by the sub-form's name ( in your case).",,1,3903,1,0,1,1
1368,How can you debug stored javascript functions in MongoDB?,"I'm thinking of moving some workflow logic from C# code to stored JS in MongoDB (for example, wen a user sends a message, a bunch or records is to be created in different collections, which right now I do in C#), but I'm concerned whether I would be able to debug that JS code if things don't work correctly.","There isn't a particular facility for that.  One thing you could do is run some of that code in the mongo shell, which can execute exactly the same javascript as the server.  The shell doesn't have a debugger but with its interactive prompt it would be much easier to try things, inspect variables, etc. Personally I would not necessarily recommend moving code into the server.  Note it is possible to send several write operations (such as inserts) in a row and then after sending several ask for a single acknowledgement.  Thus that scenario is not necessarily slow even if there is some nontrivial network latency. Alternatively you could run C# code on the same server as the mongod process and thereby get extremely low latency on turnarounds of requests.  One way to do that would be to make a web server that is written in C# and encapsulates the logic suggested above.",,6,1364,1,0,0,0
1369,Using ANT to deploy from windows to unix (efficiently),"I want to automate copying files from a dev environment to a unix server. When using ANT's SCP task, how does it handle synchronizing the directories? I would like to ensure that:  Files that are no longer in my source are removed from the destination server Files that didn't change should not be copied (it would take forever to fully sync every jar file every time). "," is the wrong tool for the task. Try  instead.  will delete stuff that's no longer on the source side. Unmodified files are not copied; in fact,  will only copy those parts of existing files that did change (so it's even faster for partially modified files like log files which have been appended to).",,0,229,1,0,0,1
1370,SQL Escape for access database from C#,"Which characters need to be escaped before being inserted into a JET Engine data table? I'm currently just replacing the ' character for this '' (this are two ' characters, not a "" character) and it works just fine (I'm quoting the string with the ' character like this 'hello' so I'd turn this: 'don't' into this 'don''t' ). So far it has been working fine, but is there any other character I need to escape? I'm creating these queries from C# code and executing them with a . Edit I know I can use parametrized queries. But I would like to know the answer to the question above.",Turning ' into '' is enough. Every other character can stay the same. ,,1,279,1,0,1,0
1371,Using PrincipalPermissionAttribute with Custom role provider,"I'm working on a new security infrastracture for my organization. Since we develop systems for the inside organization use I'd like to use Windows Authentication, but for the authorization we manage a separate Oracle DB (for historical reasons). My idea was to use  defining   in Global::Application_Start and  in my Web.config using my custom role provider that should access the Oracle DB to check the role. But I can not make it work. Is there any way to make the  work in this way or may be the entire concept is wrong? I thought of implementing my custom  but it is not that simple so I prefer not to do it Does anybody have any idea of the issue? I'll be glad to get some answers","There are two things that I've learned lately. First af all my concept was right, I can use PrinciplePermissionAttribute with costom role provider, the second is that I was totaly confused with the web.config tags.  tag is used for the asp .net settings,  while  is used for WCF settings. So a liitle bit configuration solved the entire problem. Here is the right configuration ",,1,2243,1,0,1,1
1372,Read XML contents and put into HTML page using JavaScript,I need to read through the XML file that contains info but one at a time and display in an HTML page. It needs to appear like its scrolling on its own within the HTML inside a  and in form of . Can some one help me out with how to do this? abc.xml  JavaScript: ,"While I'll leave the actual coding to you, the general structure I would use for something like this is:  Start off by loading the XML. When the XML is loaded, extract the data into a regular javascript array, to make it easier to handle. Use setTimeout to call draw-function at a specified interval ( http://www.w3schools.com/js/js_timing.asp ) and set a (global) variable to remember which index is the last one displayed. The draw function displays the data, and increments the variable. If == length, reset count. ",,1,12986,1,0,1,0
1373,"Traversing a non-STL linked-list in C++, possible?","Let's say I'm using a non-standard linked-list class, . This class is functioning, template'd and has the typical features of add/remove to front and add/remove to back, isEmpty(), etc. This list does not have any begin() and end() functionality. Also, does a linked-list class have to include iterator functionality? Or is that something I can create on my own when I create a new List? I'm used to working with STL, so I would usually use this code:  Anyway, lets say I create a new ""List"".  or even a List of Objects  So let's say I  20 different integers, so that creates the appropriate # of new nodes. Now, how can I traverse this list so I can find a sum of all these ints? Is that possible, or does my current functionality prevent that? I would have to implement some sort of iterator to my List Class? Now I know I could keep an outside variable, every time I do an  call to keep track of my sums. However, I want the code to be compatible with Lists of Objects as well. (I want to be able to search one value in a node, and retrieve another value in the same node eventually) I'm so used to working with  and creating a for loop with iterators, I really dont' know how to get this working with other classes. btw here is the code for : ","Your list seems to have 2 ways of iterating it (forwards and backwards)  The bad thing though, is that iterating it, you also destroy the list, you could provide public accessors to  and  in which case you could do:  However, use an existing STL container if you can.",1.0,3,393,1,0,1,1
1374,how to find the maximum size of ostream class in c++,I am assigning  where  is  after assigning i am filling  appx 1172528 characters. But after some extent i am not able to insert charcters inside . I tried surfing on the net whats the maximum size of this class but couldn't find. Someone please tell how much characters maximum i can store in . Is there any function which can tell me the maximum size of this class??,"There are several possible causes for output to an  to fail. The most obvious is that the underlying supporting media (memory, in the case of an ) is full.  Another is that you've reached some internal limit: a lot of systems have (or had) file size limits which would hit you long before the disk was full, and some systems have had similar constraints on single objects in memory (and the  class typically keeps its data in a single object). (There's also the possiblity of a hardware error, but if this occurs with , i.e. a memory error, the hardware probably won't  detect it.) All of these mean that there is no hard limit as to how much you can write to a stream, string or otherwise.  It all depends, and one time, you might succeed writing 2 GB, and the next fail after 1 MB or less. Practically speaking, in most cases, you should be aware of the fact that writes can fail, test the results (after a final flush) and be prepared to do something reasonable if they do. In the specific case of string streams, of course, about the only failure you're likely to be able to detect is out of memory.  (An  does not propagate an exception from the ; it sets the  when one occurs, and if exceptions have been activated for , it will throw its own exception, not rethrow the original one.  Which means that an  will not propagate out.) A lot of applications don't handle out of memory, and should logically have set the new handler to abort.  If you've set the new handler to abort, then you can probably forego such error checking on string outputs.",,1,2129,1,0,1,1
1375,HTML audio and embed Tag,"which is better to use: embed or audio tag? I'm using Adobe Dreamweaver CS5. and i don't know which is the best tag to use for my audio file... please explain the differences, pros and cons.","Certainly audio tag... http://www.w3schools.com/html/html5_audio.asp That's why they introduced it... It offers audio play/pause,  navigation controls, Autoplay; Looping; the best part: NO APP/PLUGIN REQUIRED!!! Lighter pages, as in no plugin.... :) Only con: Limited audio format support as of now... Difference: embed tag is used to embed any external object requiring plugin in your page...  audio tag is a dedicated tag for audio inclusion in your page, without plugin ",,0,2907,1,0,0,0
1376,How to notify when childwindow appear,"At my application i would like to monit when childwindow appear. I could use some event in childwindow, but i preffer some more generic solution, one function which will be invoke when childwindow is opening... Something like Application.Current.RootVisual.ChildWindowOpened - but unfortunetly not such even in silverlight. Thanks in advance.","As the ChildWindow must be manually invoked, you could create a helper method like this: ",0.0,0,46,1,0,0,1
1377,Can I use Self Tracking Entities and DBContext in Entity Framework 4.1?,"I want to know if DBContext (EF 4.1) supports Self Tracking Entities. If yes, how can I do that?",No unless you rewrite the template to support them. The current template is dependent on ObjectContext API.,,1,1160,1,0,0,0
1378,Dynamic Java integer/long overflow checking versus performance,"This is a rather theoretical question, so while the language is specifically Java, any general solution will suffice. Suppose I wanted to write a trivial factorial function:  But now, I also want to check if the factorial overflows (without simply hard coding a MAX_FACTORIAL_PARAMETER or something of the like).  In general checking for overflow during multiplication is as simple as checking the result against the original inputs, but in this case, since overflow can occur at any point, it would be rather expensive to perform more divisions and comparisons in every single loop. The question then, is twofold--is there any way to solve the factorial problem of overflow without checking for multiplication overflow at every step or hard coding a maximum allowed parameter? And in general, how should I approach problems that involve many stages of iteration/recursion that could silently fail at every stage without compromising performance by introducing expensive checks at each?","While Java does not help you with this, there certainly are languages that help with overflow. For example, C# provides the checked keyword. Underneath, this feature probably uses hardware support in the form of the overflow flag.",,4,506,1,0,1,0
1379,What ever happened to PHPUnit's Database Extension?,After upgrading to PHPUnit v > 3.5 (I forgot) I kept on getting this error because I imported PHPUnit/Extensions/Database/TestCase.php:   I peeked at the PHPUnit folder in my /usr/share/php folder only to find out it isn't there anymore.  In fact a look at the official source code reveals that it seems it has been removed.  So for now I am using version 3.4.15. But it's not ideal as assertions on the table are still not supported. For now I am only able to use the CLEAN_INSERT feature which populates my database. ,I solved this by installing db unit manually. I downloaded it from here. Then I replaced the incomplete Extensions/Database folder with the one from the download. ,2.0,10,7992,1,0,1,0
1380,Loop to make grid of NSButtons?,"I am trying to loop through and programmatically make a grid of 256 NSButtons (16x16). The code I have so far is below. This is in Objective-C for my Mac app. So I am logging to see which tag I get when I click a button, but it keep returning the same tag every time. I want it so that every button goes 1-256 from left to right, top to bottom. This code successfully makes them load into my view, but the tags are wrong.  ","Not sure how its compiling, you might have paintPixel defined elsewhere. But you need to change your btnPaintAction from:  To something like this: ",1.0,1,424,1,0,1,1
1381,Which queuing implementation is advisable if we want to keep things simple?,"our needs for a queuing solution are fairly simple, a producer needs to put things in a persistent queue and these need to be handled by a consumer. The queuing systems needs to be integrated within a Spring application and distributed on multiple tomcat hosts. When reading through questions i see a lot of people that warn about using ActiveMQ with Spring for example so i am wondering what the alternatives are when taking simplicity, scalability and performance in mind when combined with a Spring based application.","If you are already using Sping, then integrating ActiveMQ with it is fairly easy.  The simplest solution would be to run ActiceMQ standalone and have your Tomcat applications simply communicate with it using Spring JMS (or AMQ client APIs)... Another option is to use Apache Camel.  It has great ActiveMQ support, can work with an external or embedded broker, adds many messaging/routing features and can be deployed standlone, in ActiveMQ or in Tomcat easily...good luck",,1,418,1,0,0,0
1382,actionscript 3 return,"I am new in actionscript 3 and I have this code which doesn't work. So can you check it? I only want that Label1.text got input ""hello world"" ","Try this:  This isn't tested, but it should help you at least.",,0,244,1,0,1,1
1383,.Net FtpWebRequest fails sometimes,"I try to list file details using FtpWebRequest but very frequently it fails with a WebException and shows error 530 User not logged in. How is this possible, that it works some of the time using the same credentials? Excerpt from code: ",Try setting  and possibly if the above does not work  I found that setting these to false reduced the occurrences of this error (which is generated by the FTP server) considerably.,,7,2222,1,0,1,1
1384,How to use multiple maps on single page?,"I want to use multipul map on single page. Here is.  Map can't display, all map white out ... Please help if anyone knows the solution. Thanks.","EDIT: Since , it's really simple to add multiple maps on the same page, see wiki.  It's not very straight as I didn't need this but it could be done quite easily. ",1.0,2,1084,1,0,1,1
1385,Can't overwrite image view loaded from nib with one created programatically,"I have a view in a xib which contains UIImageView. I'm setting the image to be displayed in the xib and it loads and displays correctly. However in some circumstances I want the loaded image to be replaced with another image at runtime, so I am doing this:  parentView.icon is a UIImageView. The image variable is not nil, nor is iv as the code executes.  iconName is a .png called ""iconName@2x.png"" which is in my project and if I set it as the UIImageView within the .xib then it is loaded and displayed correctly. But if I set another icon in the .xib and attempt to replace it at runtime with the code above then its not getting replaced. I can't figure out why this isn't working. ",You are creating a new image view but don't add it to the view hierarchy. Either use the existing image view and assign a new  to it or add the newly created view to view hierarchy using .,,0,98,0,0,1,1
1386,"i make twitter app , how i see this app ? , what is URL of my twitter app?",I creat new twitter app and it's show my application page . my APP name is : testfactw If i click to this ap i goto this page https://dev.twitter.com/apps/1495385/show my question is what is URl of my app ? for example https://twitter.com/XXXXXXX actually i ahve no idea i search on google but i not found real answer. Thanks,Your app doesn't have a public URL. If you want a twitter page for your app you should sign up as a user and set the username to your app name. Then login to that account and create the app.,,-4,2712,0,0,0,0
1387,I have two rows with different id's.I want to add both the rows and display it as One,I have a derived Table from two different tables using count and group by functions for which the output is like this.   Now I am trying to add and display   Can you please help out on this.,"I have found the answer to this ,  I could not call the Department name on this but can just show the sum of  , since we cannot group by  we can use  this will give me an output:  Not Quite the output I am looking for, but helps for now.  If anyone can help me getting the output I am looking for that would great. Thank you",0.0,0,61,0,0,1,1
1388,"CoreGraphics, Memory Deallocation, Return Values","I seem to always have a lot of trouble with managing memory with CoreGraphics when I'm returning from a method. Take the situation below:  Am getting this message from instruments:   I do want the initWithMutablePath:(CGMutablePathRef)mutablePath initializer to retain mutablePath, because it might be called from else where where it will be needed. Yet, I also want to the init method to be able to pass mutablePath to it without incident. How can this be accomplished? ","It seems as what I'm trying to do is impossible, so I ended up just getting rid of initWithMutablePath (this was the constructor for a base class) and I ended up not implementing a constructor in the base class. I have the children class that inherit off it implement the initializer and load the path.",,1,105,0,0,1,0
1389,nginx modifying the jsonp response message,"We are creating a web api application. In one of our API's if there are any validation errors, we are returning the error message in JSONP format. In the API Request URL user adds a query string parameter  like this. On validation failure we are throwing a 400 bad request JSONP with response message in the below format:  It is working good in all the environments, where there is no nginx. In our staging environment we have nginx configured. Here it is modifying the output as below:  Because of this our front end application is unable to read the response message. Could you please let me know, what configuration setting of nginx could cause this problem? Thanks in Advance Venkat.",Actually the problem is not due to nginx.  It is due to IIS 7.5 in our staging server which is causing the problem.  Below configuration change in web.config has fixed it.   ,,0,708,0,0,1,1
1390,How do I automatically create Django relationship when an object is created?,"I want a user to be able to create a  object. When it is created, it should automatically create the  type as  for this user/store combination. At a later point the  of a store is able to add . How do I make this initial relationship though when the object is created in the administration interface? ",You can override save_model in your admin class:  More info here.,,0,64,0,0,1,1
1391,creating a video container that covers the whole screen,i want to create a video container that covers the whole screen  and the video inside the container covers the whole container and doesn't overflow means container adapts the whole screen size. and is responsive accordingly. currently the video is taking its full height..i don't want that i want its height to be limited to the screen size and there is no scroll. my html code is   my css code is :  please help me with this problem..thanks in advance.,CSS:    HTML:  ,,-1,32,0,0,1,1
1392,Vue: Importing SCSS only if a component gets created,"I am trying to import Material SCSS only for my Admin component. This works fine when developing locally, but once I deploy my site to Firebase hosting, the Material styles get applied to all of my SPA, including the Client side. I have tried:  then  then I tried it within the component itself  and finally:  I thought it might be because of some cache in the browser, however I have tried hard reloading Chrome and tried multiple different browsers, but the problem persist. Furthermore, I have tried commenting out the CSS imports and re-deploying, this did work. So the problem is somewhere within the  component that how it imports and loads the styles. Also the weird thing is that I have added a console log in the  hook of the component, just to check if it gets created even if it shouldnt, and it doesnt. So I have no idea how the styles are getting in. I think they get mixed in with all the rest within the build process. I am sure there is a simple solution to it, but I have run out of mine.","After some more trial and error, the only way I found that worked was to dynamically import the styles from a CDN to the  element once the component gets . Like so:  If anyone has better suggestions, please dont hesitate to add them. I am not happy with relying on CDNs, but at this point, I cant spend more time on this issue.",,0,50,0,1,1,1
1393,Pygame Automation snake refuses to crash wall?,"I am creating Pygame script of traditional snake game which can run autonomously I.e. The snake should be aware of the surroundings (crash If hit the wall) and occupy the food In order to do I just checking the next pixel position of the snake From every Direction NSWE to determine snake trajectory by this Python  function  I set the screen resolution to 600*400 i.e when the snake is approaching towards wall the value of coordinates becomes 0 to 600 (min to max height) and 0 to 400(min to max width)  Snake head is a list which gives the value of x1,y1 coordinates Although code has no error the snake still refuses and hit the wall The full code ",",  are local variables in scope of . Variables with the same name exists in scope of . This are different variables, they have just the same name.  When you change ,  in , then do not change then identically named variables in . Add arguments to  and return the changed values of  and :  Pass  and  to and get the new values from  in :   If the length of the snake grows, it will hit itself, when it changes the direction to the opposite. I recommend to change the direction to the left or right instead: ",,2,69,0,7,1,1
1394,Why do is my sql pool connection being closed suddenly,"I'm using a pool to make queires to my db within a class , while i run this class in 16 instances (with limit of 100 connections per each - I don't know if this high number has anything to do with the error) And suddenly after some time of running the application crashes with the error ""Pool Closed"" While the only place is use pool.end() is at the end of the apllciation.","It's a rare MySQL server that can handle anything close to 1600 connections.  If you have one of those servers, you know it: you're paying a small fortune for the hardware, and you probably have a team of database administrators looking after it. There's a bit of a paradox here: more connections to production MySQL servers usually slow things down. Why? When many connections present similar queries to the server, they often contend with each other.   Vast pools also can conceal application problems like very slow queries and pool-connection leaks.  Edit Another application problem, your problem, is reusing a connection while a query is still active on it. MySQL reports this using  messages.  If you have a nested query setup like this pseudocode  each query needs its own connection. If you put a new query onto your first connection while it's still delivering results from a prior, MySQL gets confused and says .   Pro tip Use each connection for just one query, then  it to the pool.         Your sudden Pool Closed may be the result of some kind of server fault. (You didn't give us many details, so that's only a guess.) Try running your application with a pool maximum size of 5 on each instance. Make sure you set your pool options appropriately:  must be true, and you should allow a high (or 0) .   If you had the time and the appetite for complexity you could write a little nest of pool event handlers to monitor how long pool requests stay in their queue. If it turned out to be too long you could make the pool maximum size a little larger (6 rather than 5, for example). Pro tip Debug with a very small number of connections in your pool. You'll find your bugs faster. ",,1,146,0,4,0,1
1395,AngularJS ng-repeat index limit?,is there a way to represent a value based on specific data and put a limit on it? i wanna show only 3 value of span but this is show up 4 span.  help me this is my example code ,The main reason is why  is inside . So if you try with only  it will not work. First you have to  record based on your desired date and than you have to apply  to . Solution -  try this - https://jsfiddle.net/qkvf2ojh/,,1,37,0,3,1,1
1396,Redirecting causes url to change and won't redirect,I've made a redirect in a htaccess file:  But it generates this url:  so it causes a 404 error. How can I make it work?,put this code in your  file:   in the end will target any existing query string.,,1,33,0,0,1,1
1397,Apache velocity template with ztree,Both of velocity and ztree is new technology for me. I already read about velocity and ztree. My problem is how to show my output with ztree. Please advice me.. Here is my code...  *Note:*I already got tree view with this code(not include zTree script that is copy from ztree example),Finally I got answer.Here is code. ,,0,280,0,0,1,1
1398,How to send an Android Push Message using Intels App-Framework?,"I'm looking for a solution to send a Push Message from PHP in Intels App-Framework, but I can't find any good solution. I have found this: https://gist.github.com/prime31/5675017 But how can I get the DEVICE_REGISTRATION_ID? It's very difficult to find some code or solution.","Ive found the Solution. I have forgott to type the IP 0.0.0.0/0 into the Google API Console. And i added the Google API Key and Projectnumber by the Push Category on Build Window. Then i copy paste the code from http://docs.appmobi.com/index.php/push-messages/ into index_user_scripts.js (only number 2 and 3). Number 1 goes to index.html on the header section. Now it works fine, i can send messages from the Services Tab.",,0,334,0,0,0,0
1399,How to cache multiple images for a same entity id in android,"I have a scenaio where i am getting a array of json objects from server. Each object repesents a data structure with a unique id and several images url like... banner url, icon url, backup url. etc. Now i want to cache the images if where are downloaded ones. I am well aware of LruCache. But problem is..i just have one unique id which can be used as key. Any suggestions.",You can put the caching module to you image loader and save them by the  since its unique like this:  Your caching module may be just an simple  with  as key and the image as value.,,0,56,0,0,0,1
1400,How can I use ng-repeat to display data stored inside a nested object?,"I am working with a document that contains nested data. I've figured out how to store nested data (e.g., comments associated with a post), but I can't figure out how to access that data in a query. Here is what I have: Node.js  Mongoose:  AngularJS:  HTML:  The problem appears to be in , but I can figure out how to fix it so the  will display my comments (instead of just being blank). Any ideas?",The correct solution was to use the following on the returned data: ,0.0,0,645,0,0,1,1
1401,Split data from one colunn into two new columns in SQL on multiple rows,"I'm using SQL Express 2012, and I'm rather new to it so this website has been a blessing so far! I'm now stuck on a query that I've not found a suitable answer to. I have a table called . In this I have a column called , in this is a list of names, these contain first and second names split by a space (e.g John Smith). I've created two new columns,  and . What I'm trying to do is get the get the first name in to first name column and the surname into the surname column. I came across something like this but it was only for one row, not all the rows in one go. How can i do this?",The problem on your approach is when a client has more than one surname and one last name this won't work. You could try something like this: ,,0,464,0,0,1,1
1402,Soft delete attribute in entity framework 6.1.1 and queries that return deleted rows,"I've watched microsoft video about entity framework 6.1.1 and have seen example with soft delete. I am using this approach, but how can I now, using Code first aproach, get those deleted rows? (https://github.com/rowanmiller/Demo-TechEd2014)","I don't know if this fits with your implementation of soft delete, but it may be a fallback that you can use. I use this soft delete for entity framework technique. It means that if I need to access a soft deleted record I have to write my own sql query. I do it like this: The  has a SqlQuery method that creates a raw SQL query that will return entities. I have this method in my generic repository:  I can call it from a repository that inherits my generic repository like this: ",0.0,1,2316,0,0,0,1
1403,Stored Procedure not returning data based on IF condition,I have a stored procedure in which I am checking if a table returns any rows. If no rows are returned then just return an empty/dummy result set. If rows are returned then return the same result set.   Here's the procedure  Upon running this procedure I get the following result  As you can see it is returning 3 result sets and I expect it to return on only based on IF condition. What am I doing wrong?,@Aaron is right with the @Has_Rows - it needs to be assigned with SELECT @HAS_ROWS = ... or SET @HAS_ROWS = ... (the latter has more restrictions on use). Here is a fixed / simplified version that should work for you: ,,0,99,0,0,1,1
1404,Get file extension when extension is not shown (Email msg attachments in outlook),"I have a program that uses EWS to pull emails from an exchange server, gets the attachments off of them and converts them to PDFs. Before I convert them, I check all of the extensions of the attachments to make sure they are something I can handle. My problem is when an email (msg) is the attachment in an email. In outlook/exchange, these do not show the extension, so any way I try to pull the extension, I get nothing or something incorrect like .itemattachment.",I was able to solve this problem by loading the item attachment and the pulling the data from it. I put the data in html format then convert that to pdf. I just do a check first to see if the type of attachment is file or item,,0,884,0,0,0,0
1405,Is it possible to develop Android Native apps on cyanogenmod?,"considering new high-end smartphone, so choices are hard. Been looking at OnePlus One but it says it's running it's own OS cyanogen which is based off 4.4 . Question: If I get that phone, can I still develop apps the normal way? or is there any problems that arise? ","You can never precisely know what kind of stuff the vendor did. But... considering that OnePlus One is just an Oppo child brand (used to fool the buyers :) ), it could be assumed that they have some experience in the field and haven't done anything utterly stupid to the native layer that would make it non-usable. I believe it should be OK, as it is still mostly android, sometime even more orthodox than other vendors.",,0,230,0,0,0,0
1406,Many FIELDTERMINATORs or first two characters?,"I want to perform BULK INSERT like this:  The strings to be imported are like ""/useless"" or ""/practical"". I need it to be transformed to ""/u"" or ""/p"" (two first characters). There are two options to do this:  select only two first characters make FIELDTERMINATOR equal to ""s"" OR ""r""   Is any of these options possible? ",A fixed-width import may be more suitable for this task than using delimiters. Bulk insert fixed width fields,,1,209,0,0,1,0
1407,Eclipse kepler full screen mode pulgin?,"Is there a plugin to full-creen mode in the Eclipse kepler? I mean I would like to work without command menu, tabs etc. Just only code window increased to full-screen. Is it possible?",Is this what you are looking for? http://code.google.com/p/eclipse-fullscreen/,,0,134,0,0,0,0
1408,WPF Binding with Notifyi does not update UI,"My issue is that UI is not updated even when PropertyChanged is fired. XAML:  And:  Viewmodel:  This code I'm using is for setting DataContext and SelectedItem:  And DataContext:  I'm very new for this MVVM design and as far as I have can tell from articles I have read, I cant find what's wrong. I'm guessing that using Dispatcher is not necessary but I don't think it matters in this case... ListBox does show my objects but updating SelectedItem is the issue here... UPDATE: Heres my code for DbInfo:  Reminder that when ever I set new value for ViewModel -> SelectedItem and It goes to PropertyChanged(this, e); line. It does not Selected that DbInfo as Selected in ListBox. Update2: I got right side of my window a list of books, like a Book Shelf many books in it. It shows all book with scroll. Book which is selected its content is being shown in window. But If for reason I want to change to another book from code-behind, it updates it content to webbrowser but not update ListBox that certain book as SelectedItem ANSWER: Okay I found the answer right now. Code which set BookShelf.SelectedItem = dbInfo should be bookShelfViewModel.SelectedItem = bookShelfViewModel.BookShelf.First(x => x.DbId == dbInfo.DbIf);",Okay I found the answer right now. Code which set BookShelf.SelectedItem = dbInfo should be bookShelfViewModel.SelectedItem = bookShelfViewModel.BookShelf.First(x => x.DbId == dbInfo.DbIf);,,0,1211,0,0,1,0
1409,What is it in the Hadoop that prevents us from setting the numberof Mappers?,From what I understand there is no way we could set the number of mappers in a MR job even though we can set the number of reducers. \ref{ how to limit the number of mappers}  As a concept I don't see why we cant have a predetermined number of mappers and feed chunks of text files to them. ,"To optimally balance performance and work load distribution the framework determines the number of mappers by number of input splits. The Apache hadoop wiki link herehttp://wiki.apache.org/hadoop/HowManyMapsAndReduces goes in detail -  Actually controlling the number of maps is subtle. The mapred.map.tasks parameter is just a hint to >the InputFormat for the number of maps. The default InputFormat behavior is to split the total number >of bytes into the right number of fragments. However, in the default case the DFS block size of the >input files is treated as an upper bound for input splits. A lower bound on the split size can be set >via mapred.min.split.size. Thus, if you expect 10TB of input data and have 128MB DFS blocks, you'll >end up with 82k maps, unless your mapred.map.tasks is even larger. Ultimately the InputFormat >determines the number of maps. ",,0,35,0,0,0,0
1410,Form in Symfony 2 whose fields change in number and purpose according to external data,"I am building an application using Symfony 2, and one of the pages contains a large form, which has a number of fixed fields but also a number of fields whose presence and number depends entirely on related data taken from the DB.  More specifically, the form poses a number of questions, and the questions themselves come from the DB, having different text and IDs.  The answers need to be stored in the DB, linked to the questions. I've read up on how Symfony handles forms (Basic Symfony Forms), including the relationship between a Form object and the data object backing it, creating Fields from the Form object, and validating input according to rules applied to the Form object. Since I don't want a fixed Form object I looked at how you're meant to dynamically modify Forms (Dynamic Symfony Forms), but the examples there seem to be about choosing whether to show certain pre-defined fields, or controlling the options in the fields, not completely generating new fields from scratch, which is what I want. I had a look at the Symfony page on Data Transformers, and it seemed relevant, but I couldn't quite get my head around how it would help me.  They seem more about mapping a Form object to an Entity than mapping complex form submissions to a Form object. I did see this SO answer where the object backing the Form object is just an array, which also seemed relevant: I thought that maybe the answer was to generate some anonymous object with the dynamic fields in, and then make a form from that, but I don't see how I'd set up Symfony validation on it, and my form is not completely different each time, so doesn't need to be entirely anonymous. What is the best way to achieve this using Symfony 2, ideally without giving up such framework benefits as easy validation etc? EDIT I hadn't heard of Symfony Form Collections before, and it looks like this might do what I want - each Question in my case would map to an individual subform object.  I'll update again if I try it out successfully.","OK, in the end what I wanted wasn't a truly dynamic form (but thanks to @Cerad for that code), but one using Collections where the number of certain child form items was variable. So I essentially followed the Symfony Docs about Collections",,0,615,0,0,0,0
1411,Exec and Include function not working,"I am trying to visualize a file file.txt via php. It is present in the same folder as the php code. this file is outcome of a perl program 1.pl I am using the following code:  I have fast-cgi module activated on my server, which works fine otherwise. Both the above are not executing. It returns following Error:    Please help to correct the code or any other problem. OR better methods to execute perl and visualize text files in browser using php.","Firstly, check the file you're looking for exists:  Secondly, check if it is readable:  The most likely scenario is that the file exists and does not have readable permissions set so that apache (or whatever user your web server is running as) can read it. Bear in mind that if you first ran this script through CLI (command-line interface) then the file generated will probably be owned by the user who ran the script - so apache may not be able to read this file for security reasons. In Linux, you can change the file group and permissions to be readable by the apache user like so: ",,1,294,0,0,1,1
1412,WELD Classloading issue after adding deltaspike to an existing primefaces maven project,"I am new to primefaces and deltaspike, we initially tried with CDI conversations but had to fall back to deltaspike. I added the jars as mentioned in the https://deltaspike.apache.org/documentation/configure.html#config-maven-indep  But I am getting a classloading issue with FacesMessages. I am not sure how to resolve this. Below are the logs and pom files.  11:05:14,065 INFO  [org.jboss.weld.Bootstrap] (Weld Thread Pool -- 1) WELD-000119: Not generating any bean definitions from org.apache.deltaspike.jsf.impl.listener.request.DeltaSpikeFacesContextWrapper because of underlying class loading error: Type [unknown] not found.  If this is unexpected, enable DEBUG logging to see the full error.  Caused by:   Caused by:    I understand that this is the root cause     This is the content of my modules.xml under C:\Users\amoram\jbossstudio10\runtimes\jboss-eap\modules\system\layers\base\javax\faces\api\main and it also have my jboss-jsf-api_2.2_spec-2.2.12.redhat-1.jar          This is the snippet from my ejb module pom.xml       Below is the snippet from Parent pom       I wanted to attach my complete pom.xml files but didn't know how to do it, they are too big to add them like the modules.xml I did above. Can someone guide me please?","After I commented out the javax.faces.application.FacesMessage and all its occurrences from my controllers and service classes, the error disappeared. It looks like we cannot use deltaspike and jsf-api FacesMessage together as they create ambiguity? ",,0,732,0,0,1,0
1413,"How to understand ""accidentally all objects"" when in C++ loop?","I watched the Cpp conf talk: range for, and confused about the meaning of """":  How to understand it?","The slide should have said ""accidentally copy all the objects"".  You usually don't want to copy the objects into , which is why Dietmar recommends making  a reference instead.",,0,47,0,0,1,1
1414,Mysqldump with custom option,"I normally use phpmyadmin to do the export of a database mainly because it's easiest to select custom options.  But now i want to know how to do that with the command line. Now i have:  what i want is (got from phpmyadmin):  compression gzip ""Disable foreign key check"" Add ""create database / use"" statement Add ""drop table /view /prodecure /function / event / trigger"" statement  do you think it's correct?",I found where to look for all the options and their explanation -> here And i think my code is correct,,0,722,0,0,1,0
1415,UserControl renders with no width in designer,"I have a UWP  that contains a path element, the  property of the path is bound to a string property of the  called . When I add my control to a page and set it's  property to a resource item, the control doesn't render the icon and has 0 width in the designer. When I deploy the application to my device the control renders as expected. Is there any way to fix this? For reference, I'm trying to build a simple toolbar that has a bunch of clickable icons. I'm sure there are other ways of achieving this but I'm using this as a learning as my XAML skills are pretty lacking. My code can be found below. MainPage.xaml  ActionIcon.xaml  ActionIcon.xaml.cs  ResourceDictionary Entry ","In a nutshell, the problem is that the types of IconData and Path.Data don't match. While IconData is a string, Path.Data wants a Geometry. So if you want to put the path's data in a resource dictionary, its type has to be Geometry or one of its subclasses. Consider, that WPF won't throw an exception when a binding fails. Instead you get a message in the Output-Window of Visual Studio. But why can I use a string when I set the Path.Data-Property directly? The Path never really gets a string. When the XAML parser gets a wrong type for a property, it looks at the class of the type it expected. It's searching there for a TypeConversion-Attribute. When the parser looks at Geometry, it finds such an attribute:  The attribute specifies a TypeConverter. For Geometry it is GeomtryConverter, which can convert strings to Geometry. There's an article at msdn about that, if you want to know more: How to: Implement a Type Converter Fine, but how do I use Geomtries in ResourceDictionaries? The thing becomes clear once you try to create an path without asiging a string to Path.Data. A simple bezier curve before:  and after:  The TypeConverter produces such an output. Only the points are again converted by a TypeConverter. However, the next step is simple: Just put the PathGeometry in the ResourceDictionary. As a little side node: You can avoid using ElementName for every binding by setting the user controls DataContext to itself: ",,0,42,0,0,1,1
1416,Flask SQLAlchemy outerjoin with three tables,"I'm trying to use an outerjoin() from SQLAlchemy to join three tables, however when I try the query I think should be working it throws the following error:  I'm sure it could be done in an easier way by using the ORM references, but at the moment I'm trying to figure out how to make this work without that.   Below are the tables and query.  I also import and_ from SQLAlchemy  and the query:  Has anyone run into this or could point me in the direction of how to see what I'm doing wrong? Thanks!","Hopefully this will help someone stuck on a similar issue in the future. I tried it without the and_, and modified the query a bit and this is what works, left/outer joins all three tables properly:  To make it a bit more readable:  This performs a proper left/outer join (at least with a MySQL DB) across all three tables in the ORM classes I outlined above.",,0,855,0,0,1,1
1417,Using Chaiscript without dynamically loaded libraries,"I'm working with Intel SGX and would like to use Chaiscript inside an enclave. SGX forbids the use of dynamically loaded libraries inside an enclave. Is there any way to use Chaiscript in such ways (I cannot compile using the ""-ldl"" parameter)?","Since ChaiScript 6.0 the standard library has been compiled into ChaiScript itself. So that aspect does not need . What you are looking for is the  option, which completely disables the ability to dynamically load libraries and does not require linking against the dynamic loader.",,0,122,0,0,0,1
1418,How to do sum of different values without duplicate,How to do a sum of different values but same ID without duplicate different values on a column?  My Input in SQL Command.  My result.  My expected result.  I think that the cause come from a GROUP BY command but it will throw an error if I do not write a GROUP BY price.,"Perhaps you can use SUM() function. Please see link below, maybe it's same case with you:  how to group by and return sum row in Postgres",,0,32,0,0,1,0
1419,Call to undefined function mcrypt_module_open,"I'm using magento, when I load the page I get the following error:  I'm using php7.1 and have installed mcrypt:  However when I reload the page I get the same error? What could I be doing wrong here? -- EDIT When I run php -i I see: ",It's probably due to your magento version not being compatible with your php version. ,,1,3403,0,0,1,0
1420,LINQ to SQL many to many relationship Insert and Delete problems,"I'm trying to model the following relations using LINQ to SQL on Windows Phone 7.1:  So if I have a record in z table it should be deleted whenever I delete either the x record with id x_id or the y record with id y_id. I have the following C# code (based on http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/hh286405(v=vs.92).aspx example):  I started to test it and run into two, probably related, problems. The following insertion code works:  But this code, which I expected to be equivalent, doesn't:  Cascading delete doesn't work as I expected. This works:  This doesn't:  I suppose I have some simple mistake in foreign key definition, but I couldn't find it myself and my Google-Fu is weak today. All help is appreciated.","I've solved the insert issues, the example code with tests can be found here: https://gist.github.com/1682648 The deletions are apparently not supported in a way I want. I've experimented with DeleteOnNull attribute, as suggested in answers to question LINQ-To-SQL and Many-To-Many Relationship Deletions, but it just doesn't work.",2.0,2,3135,0,0,1,0
1421,Mod rewrite reverting to original url after load,"I'm using a .htaccess file to rewrite the url.  It makes  the same as .  This works.  However, when i go to  the URL reverts to . I would like it to say as  while the user is on the page.  How can i do this? .htaccess ",Don't use the full URL - that implies [R] (redirect) ,,0,181,0,0,1,1
1422,openstreetmap to overlay android mapview,"I am trying to put a small area of openstreetmap onto the mapview and override the Google maps. How can i go about doing this? How do I even get started? I am new to this concept, so I would appreciate if someone could lead me.  Currently, I have downloaded the map.osm file of the region I want. Now I have no clue on what direction I should take. Sorry about this ignorance. I appreciate your help.","You want to use osmdroid: http://code.google.com/p/osmdroid/ They have extensive explanations, examples, wiki, etc.",0.0,1,1136,0,0,0,0
1423,Regex to extract id and value,"I have a html input element from which I need to extract the name and value using two separate regex (Java).  I need to extract Region and Circuits Japan from above using 2 different regex. For id extraction, I used something like this ) and it gives me   whereas I'm trying to extract only ""Region"".  Any inputs will be much appreciated.  Cheers:-)","First of all: parsing attributes of html using a single regex is hard to do, because order of attributes can vary. If you want to do multiple passes it's not that hard. Given that you don't have  then the regex for id would be:  Of course you can't parse multiple word attributes like that. You will need  just to properly represent such attributes. Assuming you have multiword attribute with  around then you should use: ",,1,5697,0,0,1,1
1424,Spring beans and changing bean parameter in application life cycle,"I have a web application that is based on Spring. There is defined a bean that holds some class  that is passed also with beans to  that .  has set some boolean parameter in beans to . If my application will change this parameter programically to false, does next request will have it also set to  or it will contains a default bean parameter -  ?","It depends on the  of the bean (which will default to , if you don't specify one).  If it is of  scope, there is one instance of that bean in the application context, and each time you ask for that bean, you get that single instance.  If you change it in a request with this scope, then the change will be maintained. If it is of  scope, a new instance is given to you (created with the same parameters) each time you ask the application context for it.  If you change it in a request with this scope, then the change will be ignored when you get another instance of this object.  These are the two most commonly used (at least with my time in Spring).  There are other scopes (request, session, globalsession), but you should read the documentation on them that Spring provides.",,1,209,0,0,1,1
1425,@foreach loop in MVC 3,"I am new to MVC 3 and have this question to start with, I have a class defined as   on my MVC2 aspx viewpage , I was using this class abc as model and had this code  can you please help me convert this piece of code to MVC razor view ?,      @model abc  when I try to use @foreach ( var abc in Model) , I get error message , need to implement  Ienumerable ? How can I implement using @for  Please help or give me pointers.Thanks","I'd recommend you using a display template. This way you don't need to write any loops. So:  and then you define a display template which will automatically be rendered for each element of the model collection ():  Notice that templates work by convention. They must be placed in either the  folder or the  folder depending on whether you want to reuse them between views from multiple controllers or a single controller. ASP.NET MVC first looks in the specific folder for a template and then in the Shared. The name of the file is also important. In this case your model consists of an  where  is the type of the elements in this collection therefore the display template must be called . Same rules apply for editor templates. Just replace  by . Editor templates, as their name suggests, are suitable for putting input fields for editing a view model.",,0,628,0,0,1,1
1426,C# .net and ASP -- Need to know how to call the url string from C# code and place it in asp code?,"Here is what I have but it's not working. So instead of having Web Site I would like it to show the actual address coming from the database that's stored in lblWebSite.NavigateUrl I tried changing it to lblWebSite.Text but that showed the web address, but did not act as a link. Any help would be appreciated. Thanks. ASP CODE:  C# CODE: ",You can set both the  and  of the  control to be the web address: ,,0,89,0,0,1,1
1427,Swing goes into the wait state after locking unlocking through glasspane,"I am experiencing a strange situation. On some condition (an inactivity timeout) I have to lock my swing window (and any subwindows) and after unlocking again through valid credentials, I need to unlock them all back. I am using glasspane foe that and my two functions are as below Main lock module  Sub lock method  unlock main method public void unlock() {         locked = false;         lockMinimized = false;  sub unlock method  Just to repeat again My lock and unlock does happen successfully. Well unlock not successfully, cause after unlock there remains a busy cursor over my unlocked window. Its as good as gone. Useless. I have seen from logs I am getting successfully out from unlock call. Then I don't know hat is causing that busy cursor to appear and block anything on my window. I have got those logs too and they are pretty fine I am not sure what is causing this then?  Possible culprits and things I have tried  not doing invalidate in lock unlock setting glasspane to null explicitly not doing any listener stuff  All of these to no avail, situation remains bleak. Anybody had experienced same, can give me pointers please?  One constraint I have is I cant leave the glasspane method, to maintain homogeneity between application I have to use that. So I have to get this only working, no alternatives. UPDATE @trashgod I have taken the thread dump Unfortunately unable to attach it. What I need to look into that? Last three lines are                  ""VM Thread"" prio=10 tid=0x28688000 nid=0x5e58 runnable  ""VM Periodic Task Thread"" prio=10 tid=0x28721c00 nid=0x2bc0 waiting on condition  JNI global references: 19887 Any help on this? What I should look at? ""VM Periodic Task Thread"" ?? some specific states which one? How can I take help on the thread dump. I blv not through SO, crossing the char limit here.","I got the issue resolved. This answer helped me a lot. java swing clear the event queue Infact the key concept is same. So for the code part I modified the modules with the lockWindow  unlockWindow  Added these new methods taken from above answer with modifications as p[er my use case  I have also taken threaddumps and analysed them as @trashgod said. I found that was correct too, IMHO, nothing blocking / wrong there. Though yes, AWTEventQueue-0 was at the same code point always.",,0,339,0,0,1,1
1428,How to handle data from form in Spring MVC,I have jsp that show all posts in blog  I have controller to handle it  Now I want to add form to save new post. I add form in my jsp  Also I add to controller.  Domain model Post.java  But I get  ,"Because your JSP contains the new form for adding a new post, it will need the model attribute  to be present when you go to .  You could even split out model creation to a separate method if you find you're having to create the model in multiple places. This will ensure that its always available. ",,0,1181,0,0,1,1
1429,Adunit Id formats,"I've pubished Apps in the past, before Adsense was introduced. The Adunit was in the format , so in my layout I would have a line like  Now, the format is like  So should my layout have this in the line  Is the line in the activity still required, and will it be the new format? "," So should my layout have this in the line ads:adUnitId=""ca-app-pub-1234567890123456/1234567890""  Yes, if you are defining your Adview via XML.  Is the line in the activity still required, and will it be the new   format? adView = new AdView( this, AdSize.BANNER,   ""ca-app-pub-1234567890123456/1234567890""  Construction of the AdView in your Activity is only required if you haven't defined it via XML. Ie you either construct the AdView in XML or in code. And yes, the AdUnitId in code is the same as that used in XML.",,0,110,0,0,1,0
1430,how to delete rows from mysql database not found in xml file,"I have an xml file and now it's been inserted to MySQL database, but there was a problem in the xml file which meant some data may be deleted from the site, so I updated the xml file and I wrote code for deleting data from database table which deleted from xml but the records are still in the database. from another way I want to compare between xml file and database and delete data not found. ","thanks for you, now i have the solution for my problem. ",,0,449,0,0,1,1
1431,Web service for Adding contacts to my Lotus Notes account using Domino Designer,I am trying to write a webservice to add new contacts to my existing contacts. I access my names.nsf file using the code below. I am new to Lotus Notes. Can anyone please post the code to access contacts in Java. Any related references would also be helpful.  Thanks..,"Your original question did not mention the creating of a new document, only how to access contacts. Based on your comment   thanks..now i am able get all the views present in names.nsf in the   domino designer..but stil unable add a new contact  the code in Java to create a new document in the names.nsf database (once you have a handle on it) would be... ",,0,187,0,0,1,1
1432,Php Classes referencing instances,"Background: I’m in the processes of learning C#, work dictates that I pick up php as well which stems this question. I threw together a very simple example to illustrate a point. In C# I can reference a class, in this case create an instance of that class, and then proceed to use functionalities held within it, .   I started creating the following php class which ultimately loops through a directory and populates my tabs for a website as well as the number of items within each tab. The number varies each week. What I would like to do is reuse functions within this classes so I guess my question becomes do I need to break down this class to smaller classes each with a single function or can I reference just certain outputs of a specific function? I have a couple books that discuss creating classes, functions, etc but I’ve not found good information on how all the parts fit together similar to the C# example. Thank you.   It is referenced in my .php site as the following  I'm not posting to have someone provide me the ""this is the code you should type"" rather generate a discussion on linking an OOP principle from C# to php as at present I've been unable to make the connect. Thank you. ","I think you do not do real OOP but here, the only thing to do is call the functions you created. The only thing to do is migrate the three lines under your class definition to your template file. The logic behind is that you define your class once but you use it everytime you need it. Then to reference a class in PHP it is like you do in C# but variables has to start with . If you want to use a C# defined class in PHP you'll have to rewrite it in PHP because even if it should be possible to link such a C# code to a PHP one it will be such an overkill...",,0,83,0,0,1,1
1433,Getting ClassCastException from MainActivity when using onEditorActionListener,"I'm following the example here, but I'm getting a ClassCastException on the line that says: ","D'oh!  I forgot to add  to the class definition for MainActivity.  That's why the cast didn't work.  (Thanks, folks.)",,-1,35,0,0,1,1
1434,Problems with a bilingual joomla 3.2 site,"I have a custom made Joomla 3.2 template and am now trying to make it bilingual. Let's start with the modules:  I have one language switcher module, set to position ""language"". This position is referenced in the xml file and in the index file using the jdoc:include statement. I have two menu modules, one for each language, both are set to be on the same position. Menu's: I have one menu with one menu item that is set to default and the language is set to all. The menu item's access is set to public and it is not published. The other two menu's I have are the English and German menu. The menu item's of both menu's are set to the corresponding language, linked to an article and associated with the corresponding menu item of the other language. All I get on the front end is the English site, the language switcher module is showing, however, I can only ever see the British flag. The German one does not appear. Trying to change the URL's ending from index.php/en/ to index.php/de/ does not work either.","Found the problem, I had a small mistake in the German language tag. What I had was ""de - DE"" what I should have had was: ""de-DE"". Without spaces. Note that by changing the language tag in the language manager, all articles and menu items that you set to that particular language will disappear. Just make sure that after you change the language tag you also check your menu items and article. If you don't they will not show up on the front end.",,0,1293,0,0,0,0
1435,Getting text value of a UILabel in the selected cell in prepareForSegue,"I have a tableview which loads data for an sqlite database and displays them in sections.  Its cell of the tableview has three labels for displaying text.  My question is can I get the text value of a label in the selected cell in prepareForSegue, so i can pass it to the detail view?","Yes, you can do this.  You should set the  property on each of the UILabels in your table view's prototype cell (you can do this in the storyboard) so you can identify them in your  code. ",,0,2226,0,0,0,1
1436,how to scroll all images in icarousel,"I want to scroll all images in carousel view. But in my view the animation starts move when i scroll the middle image. If i touch the other images next to it, they don't move. I use buttons in viewForItemAtIndex method. Do you have any idea how can i move all images that are visible? This is my viewForItemAtIndexMethod: ","I guess it is something wrong with your iCarousel frame - maybe touches on other elements are outside the frame and iCarousel gesture recognizers won't receive touches. Other possibility is that some other elements of your view catch touches and don't pass that to iCarousel. iCarousel is designed to handle all touches (not only from main element). As I wrote in comment below your post, are you sure everything is ok with your carousel setup?",,0,817,0,0,1,0
1437,Codeigniter - SQL error. Driving me crazy,"Here is my code: $child = $this->getDetails($row['ParentOf_Id']); which is in another function that calls a function called getdetails: function getDetails($child_id=null,$limit=20){  I then get the following SQL error: A Database Error Occurred Error Number: Incorrect syntax near '='. SELECT CAST(AdditionalNotes AS TEXT) as AdditionalNotes, CAST(DisabilitiesNotes AS TEXT) as DisabilitiesNotes, DOB, msrepl_tran_version FROM Children WHERE id= Id does not get appended? why? Been driving me nuts because, when I do echo $child_id; I get the child Id before passing it into the SQL.",try: ,,0,213,0,0,1,1
1438,How to rewrite current route in asp.net mvc with new route data values,"In my site.master, i need to be able to rewrite the current route to match a mobile site. Basically i need to be able to do this:  but i need to know the route name and values on each page request","Jousterling In case anyone is still wondering how to do this, apparently you can't get the route name  from Phil Haack: http://haacked.com/archive/2010/11/28/getting-the-route-name-for-a-route.aspx but you can register a data token with the route name and then extract that later.",2.0,0,159,0,0,1,0
1439,How to check inheritance on parameterized type?,"I am creating a class that implements . My class is using  to represent the parameterized type. I want to call  to sort the internal list I'm wrapping with my class. The problem is that this requires my list to have types that implement comparable. Like the sort method, I want to be able to take a comparator, so I don't want to force E to be a subclass of Comparable. So, in the constructor that doesn't take a comparator, I want to verify that E implements Comparable. So, how do I do this, O mighty java wizards?",No good way to do this. Just closing and moving on.,,1,348,0,0,1,0
1440,Google Maps V3 JavaScript works only in Chrome?,"I wrote a script that first geocodes an address and then displays a map of that address. The trouble is, it only works in Chrome / Chromium. Other browsers (Firefox 10 & IE9) display a grey box. A problem that could be related, if I add a marker to the map, the marker does not show in Chrome. I know that :  I connect with the API successfully with my API key.  The address is properly geocoded. I use jQuery UI dialog to display the map. This, however, does not seem to be a problem. Removing the dialog and using a static div creates the same ""grey box"" result.  Below is my script, how I invoke it, and the website that I am using this on. Here's the script:  Here's how I invoke it :  And here's the URL of the problem (click on map): http://testing.fordservicecoupons.com/dealer/30000/premium_coupon_page Last but not least, I combine and obfuscate my JavaScripts, so what you see above is not exactly the same as in the source on the website.","Wow... Here was the issue. The layout that I built was a fluid layout. So, one of the first CSS rules that I have written was:  So that divs and images can scale. Well, for whatever reason, Google maps DOES NOT like this rule with the end result being a grey box. And so I added another rule - an exception for Google maps:  And then, in javascript:  The find('*') will get us all the descendants. Viola!",,0,850,0,0,1,1
1441,How can i put a small subview on a view xcode,i have a button in my  view and i want that  when user pushed it a small view should apper on it. there is two image about what i want. on this view--> this view How can i do tahat ,"Set up the small view as a top-level object in IB (that is, outside any view controller's view) and connect an outlet to refer to it, or set it up programmatically. Then, in the action method for your button press, add that view as a subview of your view controller's view. See the View Programming Guide for more details. ",,0,1437,0,0,0,0
1442,Rails response depending on http request format,"I want to build a website that respond both to normal browser request, and mobile request using JSON from an Android app. I use devise for authentication. Web users will login normally, but for mobile use, I want them to send login/password only once, and then work with the authentication token. To do that, I overrided the devise session controller:  This is actually a dummy code, just to know which case gets executed in the respond_to.  If a create a post request, passing login details, like this:  The response is the JSON representation of obj1. In other words, in the respond_to it always get executed the format.html entry. What is wrong with this code? Why I get that response if I specify in the header that this is a JSON formatted request?","I made it work adding: -H ""Accept:application/json""",1.0,1,1301,0,0,1,0
1443,Ofbiz call service executeFind (get data from the database),Im trying to get all Leads / Contact / Accounts from the database. So i try to use executeFind but this is not working. Im always getting 0 rows with the run service (also in java). As entityName i set as example : PartyContactInfo what am i doing wrong? ,After spitting out the server log filles it looks like an internal error from the ofbiz server. reported it to Ofbiz if they can patch it! And hopefully will those services be back on track very soon.,,0,785,0,0,1,0
1444,Parsing data to a serialized array  produces scalar value warnings and fatal string offset,I am trying to parse data into a serialized array but can't figure it out and it errors out. What I am trying to do is utilize update_post_meta to fill in the serialized array with values that will be parsed to it. example output of the array:  All i can find for resources is examples of get_post_meta and I'm trying to utilize update_post_meta to parse new data into these fields. Here's the code:  And these are the errors that I get:  When I edit the product also in wordpress where the custom data would be located under the editor - there is an error and the custom fields will not display: ,"There are a lot of errors there. The first 3 errors are regarding the function  which is not returning an array. So  is not an array and you cannot treat it like that. So check that function and be sure it is returning an array. Every if of your script, will return true. For example  is always true because you are assigning  = to a string and the evaluated test is  which is true. You might be wanting to test the value of  then you have to use  like this: . For the last error, I don't exactly understand what you are trying to active here: , but it is not a valid use of variable of variable attached to a string function name. You probably want to do .",1.0,0,421,0,0,1,1
1445,Is Navigation to Objects (NOT URIs) with Navigation Framework in Silverlight (with MEF) possible?,"Here is my situation.  I have an app that is composed almost entirely using MEF.  All of the application's UI is downloaded using MEF's DeploymentCatalog.  Navigation was performed simply by swapping out content areas in the main app from downloaded xaps.  Fine.  But I decided it would be nice to provide navigation history on the browser.  So I want to roll in the Navigation Framework (Frame specifically). Here is the problem, I can't seem to use the Frame because it requires you to pass a URI.  Because my assemblies are downloaded and stored in the CompositionContainer, the normal format of the URI for assembly reference doesn't work (i.e. /{assembly};component/{XAML Path} doesn't work) In just .NET (not silverlight) you can navigate to an object on the Frame by passing the content.  This is what I would like to do in silverlight but the method doesnt' appear. Does anyone have any suggestions on how I could support navigation without using a URI?  And without restructuring the entire application (i.e. I know the navigation framework now supports the NavigationContentLoader but this would require me to restructure my application and doesn't allow me to easily manage other classes that get composed through MEF that don't have UI components) And thoughts?","It doesn't appear that you can.  I got around this problem by using a collapsed navigation frame that allows me to use the navigation properties in the browser, but then I manually control the display of the content.",,0,109,0,0,0,0
1446,Pass Value from View to Controller,"I'm looking to pass the value selected in the drop box when I click submit.  Instead, it's passing a null value and I'm confused as to why.  Any help is appreciated!! Controller:  View: ","Are you sure your code does really pass inside your post method? Because when I began asp.net (1 month ago), I had a problem with it. I solved this by replacing (Html.BeginForm()) by (Html.BeginForm(IsPost)).  I'm not sure whether it will do the trick or not. edit : I've also already used this : ",,1,653,0,0,1,1
1447,C#/XNA/HLSL - Depth map screwing up,"I haven't realized this for a while, but my depth map is messing up. For: black pixels = near clipping plane, and white pixels = far clipping plane - Basically, if I walk towards a 100x1x100 square on the ground, and walk INTO it (reaching coordinates of 99, 0, and 99), the entire depthmap turns white. That's indicating that each pixel is at the far clipping plane, which I do not want! example This is the code that handles rendering the depth map:  And the HLSL code (vertex shader, pixel shader):  Is this because of a 1/0 error? Or something wrong with the multiplication with matrices? Or w/e?","Solved. Somehow, the multiplication was setting the W component to a very small value. Instead of homogeneous division, I divided by 10, which gave an acceptable result.",,2,616,0,0,1,0
1448,Forcing keydown event to fire (Windows),I am creating an input system (using the windows messaging system) that I would now like to unit test. A window has been created for testing but I am wondering how to fire the key (and mouse) events programatically so that I can test that the corresponding flags in the input system are being set and unset properly.,"This is the purpose of :  Synthesizes keystrokes, mouse motions, and button clicks. ",,0,142,0,0,0,1
1449,FourSquare venue search limit parameter capping out at 20?,"The foursquare venue search api documentation states that the limit parameter can go up to 50, but if I set it to 50, I only get 20 results.  I know I'm using the api correctly because if I set the limit to 5, I get 5 results.  Is there something special I need to do to get 50 results? For reference, here is the url I am using:  Thanks",I found that was cutting out all the venues past 20 in another part of my code before I got around to seeing the results.  So it was entirely user error.  Woops!,,1,279,0,0,1,0
1450,jQuery: Colorbox + Form - Accessing posted data + some miscellaneous questions,"My goal is to submit a form in a Colorbox modal via ajax (that part is complete), and then take one of the submitted values (called 'percentage') and update a value in a table.   I've got my code below (sans form).  You can see that a link is opened with the Div containing my form (#Form_PlayerSave) and that form is ajaxified through the awesome jQuery Form Plugin.  The form is submitting correctly, now I just want to update the 'percentage' part of a table.   There is php included in the script because I need 25 forms per page (one for each row of the table), so each $x just counts off the different forms. So, what do I do?  What I have below returns undefined, and I've tried quite a few varied solutions. I also have noticed that when the link in the table to open the Colorbox modal is clicked again, it displays the page that the form would normally submit to had it not gone all ajaxy.  Any ideas on how to fix this so user can update the value to their little heart's content?  I really appreciate everyone's help!  Thanks * 10!","I got it!  Why this works beats me, but it does. :) Also, for future onlookers, to make sure the div doesn't get replaced onsubmit simply make sure target doesn't point to your original form's div (dumb dumb dumb on my part).",,0,1242,0,0,1,1
1451,how do I filter special charactors while pursing?,"hi I am doing html pursing with php dom document I am getting some special charators in my result how do I filter the same??  and the HTML is something like this  the out put is , and how do I get rid of ","they are called html entities. you can convert them into their true form using the following function: http://us.php.net/manual/en/function.html-entity-decode.php also,  converts to ascii code 160, which is a double byte character. this is why it is showing up as a weird character. you may need to use iconv() function if you want to strip double byte characters. $text = iconv(""UTF-8"", ""ISO-8859-1//IGNORE"", $text); http://us.php.net/manual/en/function.iconv.php",,2,138,0,0,1,1
1452,Ajax Script manager problem,"I developed one webapplication. In one web page it shows "" only one instance of script manager is allowed "" error is displayed. But i have to override the master page script manager . Is there any way to do it. ",Then use tool script manager control to override the master page script manager problem.,,0,148,0,0,0,0
1453,Testing a rails model with a singleton in a validate method,"Very simple example: Model:  Inventory is a singleton that should provide access to another service out there.  Right now the service does not exist, and so I need to mock out this method for my tests. I'm having trouble doing this the Right Way(tm). I'd like to have it be configurable somehow, so that I can put in the mock during my tests, but have the normal code run in the real world. There's probably something I'm not wrapping my head around correctly. EDIT: to be more clear: I need to mock the Inventory class within the validation method of the model. Eventually that will talk to a service that doesn't exist right now. So for my tests, I need to mock it up as if the service I were talking to really existed. Sorry for the confusion :( Here's what I'd like to have in the specs:  Using rails 3.0.3, rspec 2 and cucumber. Of course, only the rspec part matters.","The way I ended up solving this follows Inventory class:  CustomerOrder model:  CustomerOrder specs:  This solution works, although it's probably not the best way to inject a mock into the Inventory Service at runtime. I'll try to do a better job of being more clear in the future.",,0,550,0,0,1,1
1454,open hyperlinks in new window from swf,"The swf files  has many hyperlinks.And this swf files are downloaded from an external source .so cannot change its source code.My question is that from javascript,jquery be made that all the hyperlinks that appear in the swf be open in a different window also which starts with an http:// location ","If the links inside the swf are not opened via ExternalInterface, you can't manipulate the behaviour from the outside via Javascript/jQuery at all. This being an swf loaded from a remote site it is very likely getUrl, navigateToURL or something similar is used to navigate to new links.",,0,870,0,0,1,0
1455,Raphael JS to make a map with tooltips on hover,"I am trying to make a map with Raphael JS, pretty much like the example they have on their site: http://raphaeljs.com/australia.html However, I want to show the info on hover as a tooltip that fades in/out as you move to different parts of the map (not next to the map like on their example). What is the best way to do that? This is what I came up with so far, but in IE (e.g. IE6 and IE7) the tooltip doesn't disappear and I'm not sure why: http://jsfiddle.net/keith/sXCk6/",This posting here on Stack Overflow addresses the issue of IE and mouseover problems: Move active element loses mouseout event in internet explorer,2.0,3,10099,0,0,0,0
1456,Displaying array items in an irregular grid format,"I have an array of fixed sized images that I want to display in a grid in the following format, with the lines containing seven items centered relative to the line above it.  I'm unsure as to how I can iterate through the array to achieve this. Any help is appreciated.","Here's what I ended up with, using an idea from El Ronnoco  Thank you for all the answers and help.",,0,287,0,0,1,1
1457,Using sscanf on buffer with new line characters: how to read all lines?,"In C, how can I use sscanf over a buffer that contains new line character. Example buffer:  I want to do something like:  but  is only picking line1. Any ideas on how to make this work. NOTE: I would really like to avoid looping over the buffer 4 times which can be a possible solution.","Thanks to WhozCraig for the answer: ""Lose the s in those specs, ""%[^\n]\n%[^\n]\n..."". sscanf is looking for a string of anything-but-newline, then an 's' (which it doesn't find, then... you hopefully get the point).""",,1,1084,0,0,1,0
1458,read.table line 15 does not contain 23 elements - R,here is the code I used:  and here is the text file:  It is clear that Line 15 had 23 elements. It is even clearer when in the text editor that there are tabs where they should be. Why would I be getting this error message ? ,"Disable quoting by adding the parameter  to . I believe the issue is with the various single  and double-quotes  throughout the file. Look at  for more information.  Per the documentation, you can also look at  for how the behavior of quotes embedded in quotes is handled.",,1,92,0,0,1,1
1459,Taking multiple coordinates from a PostgreSQL DB and display a polygon,"I have some trouble understanding ResultSets so I'm asking you. I will be brief in explaining my concern. I have a table that looks like this  And I want to take the coordinates from that table and display them in a PolygonOptions, normally I would do:  when the coordinates are not in a database, but there are 175 coordinates and I have no idea how to do that when taking the coordinates from a database, I guess I am not needed to add 175 entries in that add() method. My code so far looks like:  The Log.e displays the values correctly:   But I am stuck in adding the values to the PolygonOptions and furtherly add the polygon to the map. Thank you in advance.","I did solve this, I used an ArrayList of LatLng and it works just fine. I will post the code and explain it below for whoever will encounter this problem in the future.  So what you basically do, is you initialize an ArrayList of type LatLng, you take your data from the database and you create a LatLng object to store your values taken from the database. Afterwards you store your LatLng object in your ArrayList and in the end you add your ArrayList to your PolygonOptions. Note that I changed the method add() with addAll();",,0,128,0,0,1,1
1460,Select with angular isnt working as intended,I am trying to get a list with the predefined values already selected.But it is always showing only the first result.Here is my script  dat is the data to be displayed with the predefined name already selected.names contains all the list of names. Here is my html code  It is selecting only Henry for all the entries.But the model value is staying correct.Any ideas,"You'll want to use  instead of a  to set select options:  Now, working with strings as index values really doesn't work that well. I'd suggest changing a couple of things in your data model:  First of all,  in  should be a reference to a name's . This prevents duplication of data. Also, id's shouldn't be strings. Now, if you combine that data with a :  You'll have this working example:       ",,1,48,0,0,1,1
1461,Error installing PIL library for Python,After installing xcode I executed  and the last code strings say: ,Did you uninstall PIL first?  Try:  See http://pillow.readthedocs.org/installation.html for more information.,,3,2911,0,0,1,1
1462,Duplicate elements in query result set & InterfaceError: Error binding parameter,"I have the following DatabaseManager class which manages an SQLite database:  At one point in my application, I need to check whether a given article already exists in my database, and if it does, I want its . I use the following method of the DatabaseManager:  For some reason, in case the article already exists, the resulting  list contains sometimes two elements with identical ids, e.g. . Do you know why this is happening? I imagine I could just use ; however, I find the behavior strange. UPDATE Table definition for :  Whenever this problem happens, I also get the following error message:  InterfaceError: Error binding parameter 0 - probably unsupported type.  However, I also check the type of the variable  and it's always a string, which is the correct type. I'm running Ubuntu 12.04 LTS and  gives: ","I've found what was causing the error message. After processing each article, I also update the  flag - a column in the table of a related ""message"" object:  However, this method was missing the commit line:  After adding it, everything works without any problems. (However, if anyone can explain why this was happening, I'll be happy to know!)",,0,78,0,0,1,1
1463,Functions keeps returning the same value,"I have really weird problem with my function. I am trying to loop through the vector with a type of my struct  which is built from  and . The size is always known, nothing is being erased. What I am trying to do is with given  and  the function should return me the index on which element of vector those values are stored.  Function to look for an index looks like:  And this is how I am invoking function:  Before looping I know that  = 4 and  = 3. I also know that the first element [0] of  is equal to:  and . I also know that element third element [2] has values  and . So the function should return me 2... Why is the function returning me 0 in the first loop?","Currently, you're continuing to call this find function even after you've potentially found the thing you want. Secondly,  will return garbage when the if-statement isn't true because you've not specified what it should return. I'd suggest (NB: as simple fixes for this) returning a  from that function instead of a value you already know. And you should always be explicitly returning something anyway, at the moment you'll only return a sensible value when the  evaluates to true e.g.  You should also stop searching once you've found the thing you're looking for, something like: ",,0,446,0,0,1,1
1464,How to check time in between 4am to 4pm and 4pm to 4am in ios?,,,0.0,-7,194,0,0,1,1
1465,Load image from URL and clearing cache,My image has the URL  and when I upload a new image the new picture is located in  using  as a cache cleaner (I think). If I load the URL  in my app I get the old picture. How can I get the new picture (as in chrome when using '?') when using:  using method ,Adding  and setting   Did the trick. Unless the int gets the same value 2 times in a row.. ,,0,46,0,0,1,1
1466,Jenkins job scheduler,How can I set Jenkins to run a job at a particular time? Like if I'd like to set it to 8:30am every weekday and this is what I could do  this randomly picks up 7:35am as running time.," is a pseudo-random number, based on the hash of the jobname. When you configured:  you are telling it:  At 7 o'clock, at random minute, but that same minute very time  Here is the help directly from Jenkins (just click the ? icon)  To allow periodically scheduled tasks to produce even load on the system, the symbol H (for “hash”) should be used wherever possible. For example, using 0 0 * * * for a dozen daily jobs will cause a large spike at midnight. In contrast, using H H * * * would still execute each job once a day, but not all at the same time, better using limited resources. The H symbol can be used with a range. For example, H H(0-7) * * * means some time between 12:00 AM (midnight) to 7:59 AM. You can also use step intervals with H, with or without ranges. The H symbol can be thought of as a random value over a range, but it actually is a hash of the job name, not a random function, so that the value remains stable for any given project  If you want it at 8:30 every weekday, then you must specify just that: ",,0,585,1,0,1,1
1467,CSS file not found in Spring application,"I am trying to develop a Spring MVC application. The following is my file structure:  Here is my  where I want to include the .  My  has   I am using Spring-security for authentication. Hence in  I have included  When I hit on the url, the css is not loading. I looked at the page-source and the link to the css is the following:  Please help.","resources folder should be moved under webapps folder.   is default maven location where you should place resources that you want to have available from the webapp's classpath  on the other hand is the root of the webapp, under which all the static resources (js, css) should be placed",,1,1017,1,0,1,1
1468,WordPress > htaccess > redirect directory and all its sub-directories to one directory,Is it possible to redirect a directory and all its sub-directories to another location with a single redirect rule within wordpress´ htaccess file? e.g.  move them all to  -- when I try this  while pointing to   it ends up with ,"You can put this rule in your htaccess (before Wordpress' main rule, after  line)  Note: you may have to clear your browser cache since your old rule is stored into it",,1,29,1,0,1,1
1469,"Why didn't show single byte zero ""0"" in email sent by cake email funtion","My project is using cakephp2.5.7. I send mail using SMTP transport. Mail sending is user has to fill in contact form and the main problem is showing data from textfield. Mail is successfully sent but a single zero is not show in email content, e.g. user can fill like this...  but in email it only shows ","This is caused by the following code in   https://github.com/cakephp/cakephp/blob/2.5.6/lib/Cake/Network/Email/CakeEmail.php#L1359-L1362 Until this is fixed (update: fixed with #5202) there's not much you can do other than for example appending or prepending data to the lines that would evaluate as empty, or extending the  class and ovewrriding  with a fix. A quick fix (without knowing about possible side effects) would be  ",,1,50,1,0,1,1
1470,Laravel API cURL Request to Python,"I followed this Laravel token API tutorial: http://rjv.im/post/95988160186/api-token-authentication-with-laravel-and-sentry-part. I have written the following cURL request to communicate with my API:  The request works properly, and accurately returns the expected data. When I translate this to Python I receive   If I pass user credentials using basic auth instead of an X-Auth-Token, the request works as expected:  Any assistance would be much appreciated. ","There is something you missed in the tutorial. In the tokens table there is a column:   It is important from which client you are sending your request. I am using https://github.com/hisorange/browser-detect to detect from which client I got the request. But for now I will just try to see User Agent. In my laravel code I just logged every request to see what's happening with the following code:  Now, Let's see: When I use curl from command line:  My User Agent is   I sent the same from python using your code above, User Agent is:  Ah! That must be it. You have to authenticate your user at least once using Basic Auth, it will give you a token and that token is valid for only that client. In the first part http://rjv.im/post/78940780589/api-token-authentication-with-laravel-and-sentry-part of tutorial there was no such condition. In the comments I received someone posted a query on how to support multiple clients, so this example was made to solve that problem. Apart from that, may I suggest this library: https://github.com/chrisbjr/api-guard It supports Rate Limiting, easy to integrate with Sentry. It's a bit different from my tutorial. Using my solution you can hit any endpoint using Basic Auth or Token. Using above library, only token is permitted, so there is dedicated route to generate token. Let me know how it goes.",,0,1429,1,0,1,1
1471,Which algorithm use to analyze an image (to find dirty point) using C or C# language?,"I have a small project that a program used to analyze an image to find out ""Is it dirty or not"". For detail, I use a camera (maybe mobile phone) to take a picture, and then I use program that I've talk above to determine where is the location that the dirty apear. Sorry for my english, it looks like a cleaning-robot (take a picture, if that place have dirty place, so the robot clean it) Hope you help me :) Thanks a lot :)","You might be able to make something work using imagemagick, but it sounds like you'll probably have to do something using full openCV.",,-2,118,0,0,0,0
1472,How can I get ST_Overlap to return single true or false value?,"I want to know if there is any overlap between  and .  However, I don't want to know for each instance if there is overlap.  Rather, if there is just one overlap anywhere in the , I want one value returned, that being ""true."" If no overlap occurs, then I want just one value of ""false"" returned.  Using  to combine results won't work on boolean, that much I know. However, I need to scale my query result down to just one row.   ",I'm not that familiar with PostGIS but you should be able to join on  and see if you get anything:  JOIN conditions are more versatile than most people think.,,0,222,0,0,1,1
1473,Put my logo on Paypal page when my sellers sells some product from my website,I am doing paypal integration in my website in a section called stores where an user can sell his products from my store. And i am storing the paypal accounts of my sellers to pay him directly when customer purchase something from his store in my website. Is it possible to put my logo on the paypal checkout page where the seller email id i'm passing will not be mine(Since each sellers will have their own Paypal Business email id)?,"Yes, you can make it using PayPal Express Checkout. No need for upgrading to Pro, and paying a fixed monthly fee. When setting up the express checkout transaction, you have a parameter that tells PayPal which images to show for branding. https://www.paypalobjects.com/en_US/ebook/PP_APIReference/expresscheckout.html#1144280 The parameter name is called cpp-header-image which make sure it's delivered through HTTPS otherwise the browser may ask the user is he/she want to see only the securely delivered content.",,0,613,0,0,0,0
1474,Customizing Cell: adding table view to a cell of table view,"Is it possible to add a table view on the cells of a table view? If yes then how it can be performed, provide some logics... The requirement is that the added tableview in the cell has to be in grid format  ""Clickable text In GRID Format To jump into new view"" shown in figure, that region i want to make it table view... This should be scrollable also...","I got the solution for my question, it can be achieved simply by creating a custom cell class. there we can place the table view and provide the reference of cell table to the custom class by connecting the table view to the custom class on xib. ",0.0,0,160,0,0,0,0
1475,Save data to a navigation controller for access all throughout the application,"First i was wondering if this is a good idea, essentially i have user class and throughout the application i would have a current user and various views would want to access this users data.  would it make sense to store this user in the navigation controller so that each class can access it without having to pass it through the prepareforsegue on every view? Second if this is ok to do, how do i access a variable in the navigation controller?  i have it setup so it has one called _myUser just like i would in the other views but how do i call/set that from a view?",I would recommend saving data to either your application delegate or if it starts to get messy creating a singleton. The application delegate is a better practice and can be shared throughout your app easily. You can access it easily with something like this: ,,0,113,0,0,0,1
1476,How to create a login application with Visual Basic (using WebHttpRequest),"Hei there, I'm not experienced at all in C++ as I need to start learning year the next year at my university, though, I've been creating a browser based game and I'm looking for someone to transform it into pc app. Though, I'm wondering how to make that application send a http request via POST to a file on my webserver with the username / pw. After all the tutotials I've been reading, I concluded that none worth spending my time with, because they all based on own database, and I'm looking for one that connects to a maestro server and requests the data from there.",I've been able to find a friend that would do it in Delphi because I wouldn't want users to download net framework just for this ap. So the program that would fit most for any apps is Delphi Prism XE (even if it's an addon of Visual Studio),,0,266,0,0,0,0
1477,recursion in view,"I want to make this hierarchy:  with this model:  in views.py I've wrote this simple code to get categories:  I don't know how to get categories with that format,frankly I'm not very good at recursive functions.","finally I came up with this solution:  pay attention : 1)when a category don'e have parent it means it's the root node in tree 2)numbering in my example didn't implement in my code,I needed to replace the name of categories in place of those numbers",,0,140,0,0,1,1
1478,Castle Windsor bug: Resolving singleton through child container,"This fails with an ObjectDisposedException when trying to assert:  The reason is (probably) because the singleton is handled by the lifestylemanager in the child container and is therefore disposed. This is causing some issues with child-container handling in the MVC Web API, so I am really keen on finding a solution.  Does anyone know of a clean solution to this problem?",This is indeed a bug. I put it in the issue tracker. It is fixed in trunk and will be fixed in v3.1,1.0,3,242,0,0,1,0
1479,"on click save data of drop down list using Java Script , Jquery or Ajax",I have a drop down list. I am trying to save data of that drop down list on click event without using a button. I have tried some code but it is not working please help. Here is the view of my drop downlist  ,You can adjust your onChange-Method like this:  this is how you just submit the select-field-value to whatever URL. Do you wish to submit the whole form when the dropdown changes?,,0,1134,0,0,1,1
1480,"libsqlite3.dylib is a dynamic library, not added to the static library","I've updated the project from xCode 4 to xCode 5.1. And now I get the following error on build:  /Applications/Xcode.app/Contents/Developer/Toolchains/XcodeDefault.xctoolchain/usr/bin/libtool: -dynamic not specified the following flags are invalid: -ObjC /Applications/Xcode.app/Contents/Developer/Toolchains/XcodeDefault.xctoolchain/usr/bin/libtool: file: /Applications/Xcode.app/Contents/Developer/Platforms/iPhoneSimulator.platform/Developer/SDKs/iPhoneSimulator7.1.sdk/usr/lib/libsqlite3.dylib is a dynamic library, not added to the static library  How can I fix it? I've tried to find any special build parameters (including -ObjC) but all of them are standard.",The answer is similar to the duplicated question Xcode -dynamic not specified static library error : Just remove  from the own static library on the project.,,1,2131,0,0,0,1
1481,Response in encoded format,"I have written an API using node.js, in that i request for a url ad i will return the response in json format Following is my receiving part:  But its printing as some encoded string(I think so) like below:  So tried for  decoder package, but its not working, the same is printing. Also when i hit the url in browser i am getting the following json response:  But in my code i am receiving encrypted code. Help me to solve this. Thanks in advance.","I got the answer by modifying the response, I changed:  TO:  It works fine now..",,0,75,0,0,1,1
1482,How can I dynamically refer to user-specific directories?,"I'm trying to run a code that opens user directories on different servers. Right now, it's hard-coded like this:   Is there any way that I can dynamically define this directory without hard-coding it, so that it works for whoever is the current user?",If you want to get a Unix user's home path you can use the  hash. ,,0,85,0,0,1,1
1483,Maintaining Namespaces in an Array doesn't work,"i'm making a chat application divided by several namespaces, in other words i want to divide interests, some of them like to talk 'dogs' other wants to talk about 'cats' and so on... This is my first version, in which i stored  each namespace in a variable(it works perfectly) : Server side:  index.html  Each namespaces keeps their messages private. Now, when i wanted to store all Workspaces in an array to avoid repeating events, like that:  In the second version doesn't receive messages  for  and  urls, and it allow sending messages from  and  to . I'm stuck here, helps please!","Solved, this is a problem of closure thx to @levi  :  Now my code works :)",,0,35,0,0,1,1
1484,Javascript equivalent to Ruby Object.methods(),"In Ruby's REPL (Read Evaluate Print Loop) irb, I can query object methods by calling Object.methods(), this returns an Array containing the public and private methods of the object in question (in the example below, I'm querying the String class) e.g.  I'm trying to learn Javascript and I'd like to know is there an equivalent function (this is not for coding, but for querying objects in the browser Console). I find this a very effective way to learn. ","A good approximation of this functionality is   According to MDM console.dir:  Displays an interactive list of the properties of the specified JavaScript object. The output is presented as a hierarchical listing with disclosure triangles that let you see the contents of child objects.   You can click on the output in the console to drill down into an objects functionaility, including methods inherirted from its prototype. It is supported in all modern desktop browsers.",1.0,0,353,0,0,1,1
1485,UnicodeDecodeError in django top-level template code,I have code in my views that returns information to be displayed in a textbox. My name has fadas (Irish accent) over the letters which is causing UnicodeDecodeErrors. The line in my logic is as follows:  and the traceback I get is this  Do I need to add some sort of encoding to my templates?,"As Daniel Roseman answered, I also suspect that  is byte string; trying to  on it cause Python try to decode it. Another issue is that  is byte string literal.  has same issue.  Solution:  remove  part. Make a DEFAULT_WRAP_UP_MESSAGE unicode object instead of byte string. ",,1,446,0,0,1,1
1486,Removing channel(s) from a user while deleting,"I've found myself in a situation where I have users that subscribe to various things to receive notifications. That all works great when it's the user himself subscribing and unsubscribing from the channels. I run into an issue when I want to delete a user and restrict him access to one of those channels. I'm writing my app for iOS and have realized that editing another devices PFInstallation is a no go. What really needs to happen is when an admin decides to delete a user from his group of notifications, some code is run before the deletion to ensure this user will no longer receive notifications for that group. It's broken down like this: There are different departments (fire departments). Each has a certain number of types of notifications (ex. fire, ems, chief, all)... So the user can enable / disable channels for each of these (the channel is a combination of the notification type and the objectid of the dept; ex: fire_abc123). The user will most likely have multiple departments so simply deleting the installation or clearing the channel array wouldn't be the best option.  Unfortunately, there's really no code I can post because I haven't figured out how to quite do this yet.","I would suggest using cloud code to accomplish this. If you cannot edit other devices installations in your code, you can  in a cloud code function to modify them. The function would find the installation that the user you want to remove is linked to, and remove a certain channel from that installation.",,0,171,0,0,0,1
1487,How to AFNetworking in Static Library and main application in iOS?,"I am using AFNetworking in static library, and also using another set of files of AFNetworking in main application.   I have same code, but two different bunch of files and instances. But I get callback of library HTTP requests in main application.   How it is possible, even though it is static library, I have created two different instances in lib and main application? Why above code runs for both the urls in static lib as well as main application? After trying too many things, I even changed name of the classes in lib and main application. But behaviour remains the same.","With what little understanding I have of your question (you're wording is very confusing),  I think you are saying:   You have two different sets of AFNetworking files. You expect to be able to reference them separately.  You cant do this.  Once the namespace for AFNetworking has been taken up, the second set of files will overwrite the first, and you can't guarantee which will be imported first. Either way, it sounds like you are doing something wrong. Learn about using cocoapods to install AFNetworking and this shouldn't be an issue.",1.0,0,459,0,0,1,0
1488,Approaches for position-based animation using TextBlocks and Canvas controls,"I'm writing an app that simulates a news ticker. I chose WPF for its animation support, which is very nice, but I'm running into some questions about positioning. I'm starting out with moving a TextBlock on a Canvas from the right edge of the screen to the left edge. I'm using a Storyboard tied to the  property of the , and a . How do I determine the correct values of the From and To values of the  such that the text starts with its left edge at the right edge of the form and ends with its right edge at the left edge of the form? Do I need to use  and the  properties to determine this? Perhaps there's some other class I should use for the animation?",The  property is available when the  event is fired. The value of the  property can then be . Now to find out the unit for Canvas positioning...,,0,145,0,0,1,1
1489,Angularjs: Can't add class to ID,"Got a little situation here. I'm just learning Angular and I'm stuck with the following problem. I've a list that repeats itself (ng-repeat) and when it is rendered, you can click on it and I add a class to the list-item you clicked on, jQuery-style:     And the id is stored in a scope-variable. But when I change the scope for the list-item, new items are loaded, and when I change them back to the state were I started, I'm trying to add the class to the same id, but doens't work. Do I miss something? Thanks in advance","A better approach here would be to alter your data on click and then to conditionally attach a class based on the data:  Here it is in action: http://jsfiddle.net/wilsonjonash/NTpLS/ As I mentioned in the comments, when programming in angular, think in terms of your model first.  Most things you would achieve in jQuery-land with DOM manipulations can be achieved in angular with model-dependent markup (directives). Best of luck!",,2,1036,1,0,1,1
1490,xPath retrieve list attributes,There is xml document:  How to retrieve values of all name  attributes using xPath to create list of link. Desirable not to use for-each,"The XPath  will return all  attributes from the  element. For example usage in a XSLT, with template matching: ",,1,968,1,0,1,1
1491,Setting different default values for DropDownLists from SelectList,I have a controller which gives a  to a View which then renders multiple  for a . I now want the  to have different Values to be selected by Default. Is there any way of doing this? Edit: Oh and of course the values I want to be defaults are available from my Model e.g.  etc. Controller:  View:  I Actually ended up doing: Controller:  View: ,Please try; instead of   this;  as second parameter of s,0.0,0,507,1,0,1,1
1492,Date format in strong typed ListView's EditItemTemplate,"This is my markup for EditItemTemplate section of a ListView, i want to render short dates format:     Which produce the runtime exception :  BindItem does not exist in the current context  Without format expression it works but with the not desired time component. Advices?","You can use , although it will technically be a breach of strong-typing.",1.0,1,386,1,0,1,1
1493,Apache php httpd-xampp.conf alias not working,"I have httpd-xampp.conf with  an in examples folder i have index.html, but when i access , i have error  Is there any error of my config? other alias : phpmyadmin, security work well.",I change httpd-xampp.conf to  and  work now,,0,1757,1,0,1,1
1494,Button not enabling another control - life cycle issue?,"I hope I can explain this well without having to post scads of source. I have a page in an online store that lets the user pick a date for a tour.  That page has a ConLib which contains a couple of panels.  The first is:  and then another asp:Panel with other stuff - calendar, buttons, etc.  The SortedGridView is supplied by our shopping cart provider and is basically a regular asp:Grid.   When the user says they want 3 tickets I do a   to keep them from changing it after picking a date/time.  At various points they can click a reset button that will do many things but one task is to set the value to zero in the gridrow text boxes and enable the Grid since they reset the process and want to pick new things. I have stepped through the code with breakpoints in place and it seems that the problem I am having is that my reset button click event handler fires after the Grid is rendered with the disabled status in the Page Render stage of life.  If that is true then setting the Grid in code behind will never show the enabled grid on the page without a refresh since it's already rendered.  If I refresh the page manually it does indeed show as enabled so I think I'm on the right problem. My question is twofold, if there is enough info here to answer it: 1. Is it likely that what I think I am seeing is true - the page renders the control disabled and then the button handler tries to enable it but it's too late at that point since the control is already rendered? 2. How can I work around this?  I would prefer to avoid JQuery if at all possible... it has some unintended side effects with the way our original store software is written. Further info: I have a status flag _EventSelected which tells if the calendar event has been selected.  On the reset button click I set that to false and on PreRender I check that to see if it is false and enable the Grid.  Again, the status doesn't change until the Reset Button Click event handler and that is after the PreRender.   Thanks for your input!  I swear, some days ASP.NET makes perfect sense to me and other days it is clear as mud.","I found a working solution.  To force the page to refresh after the button enables the Grid, which is not displayed without the refresh, I added this to the btn_Reset_Click handler, found by searching for ""cause page reload"":  It's not a bad solution since I'm in a reset / start-over state anyway.  Thanks for taking time to read my question!  Hopefully this will help someone else some day.",,0,94,1,0,1,1
1495,Does setting serializable make 2 select statements atomic? (no change in tables between the 2 selects),"I want to select from both tables using a 2 select statements. But it is possible another user may change the 2nd table while the 1st table is selected If the isolation level is set to serializable, does it guarantee the 2nd table does not change while the first table is being selected?  Example:   If BurgerIngredients may change while Burger is being retrieved, what can I do to make sure the ingredients stay the same until they are retrieved also? Thanks","According to the documentation for MySQL, yes. You just need to make sure that both are InnoDB tables and that both SELECTs occur inside the same transaction:  You don't need to set isolation level to , the default  is enough for this to happen.  All consistent reads within the same transaction read the snapshot established by the first read. This convention means that if you issue several plain (nonlocking) SELECT statements within the same transaction, these SELECT statements are consistent also with respect to each other.  Note that this doesn't prevent other processes from writing to the tables, it's just that this transaction won't see the changes. EDIT: Now I see you also tagged the question with MS SQL server. In that case, the same principle holds if you specify transaction isolation level .",,1,116,1,0,1,1
1496,Enabling/Disabling a button after database query,"I want to disable or enable a button, depending on the result of a database-query. But I don't know how. From an example, I managed to show a text (id=""error"", depending on the result of the query, but enabling the button (id=""generate"") does not work.  This is my JavaScript:  The response from checkSender.php is either ""Einsender existiert nicht."" or an empty string. Any suggestions? EDIT: The PHP-Code:  The HTML-Code:  Thanks in advance! Marco Frost","I've found the solution. The problem was that ""echo"" added a whitespace and a linebreak after printing the string. So I had to manipulate the string like this before checking it:  Now, it works. ",,0,687,1,0,1,1
1497,Control Flow in Multiple Method Program,"I'm writing a simple Java program, to familiarise myself with methods, that logs the people a person has met. For instance, if I meet Alison in London, I would log the following (Format: name,gender,when,where): Alison,F,apr2013,London The program is built up as follows:  The user is presented with different opportunities:   Log person  Search for all people named [name] Search for all people met [place] Get a list of available commands Quit  Here is the skeleton of my code:  This works just fine. However, after I choose one of the five options (log new person, search for name, search for place, help, quit), I would like to go back to the chooseCommand() method, so as to get the same options presented again, instead of having the initially chosen method loop infinitely. That is to say, after I log a new person, I want to be able to get new options, as opposed to having to log new people for all eternity, without killing the program.   Any help on this is highly appreciated! "," Then in chooseCommand() lose the loop, make option 5 set isRunning = false instead of exit(), and use a switch statement for prettyness. e.g. ",,0,186,1,0,1,1
1498,Getting a shared parameter in a JOIN query,"Using PHP, I the following query:  I'm trying to access the . field from the associative array. Problem is,  seems to be giving me the id for the  table. How can I alter the code to get the ID from the  table?","Add an extra column in your sql statement, eg.  and access it like, ",,0,33,1,0,1,1
1499,An old project doesn't work under ios6.1 simulator anymore after upgrade xcode to 5,"Hey guys i need some help here. I have been stuck at here for 2 days. I have an old iOS project which used to work under iOS6.1 simulator. A few days ago I upgraded the Xcode to version 5 to make it support iOS7. Now this project only works under iOS7 simulator. When I try to run it under iOS6.1 simulator, Xcode popups a dialog saying ""iOS simulator cannot install this application."" It doesn't show any other error. I compared the build settings of this project with another project which works fine under both iOS 6.1 and 7 simulators but no luck. Any help would be appreciated.",Try to remove application from simulator before build and run it from Xcode.,,0,286,1,0,0,0
1500,multithreading thread switching issue,"I have a producer and consumer thread that are being created from main. They perform correctly well, except for the cout statement  Everything works fine (including showX that displays x, except for the cout. What's wrong?","Your threads are sharing the object without actually any lock on it. producer is not exiting before consumer started accessing the object.  Using producer_thread.join() before boost::thread consumer_thread(boost::bind(foo2, ob)) should resolve this, which is not the best fix. Using mutex locks will be ideal.",,3,87,1,0,1,0
1501,How to copy iframe into CK edior, How can i display iframe into Ck editor On clicking on a copy button the above function will call . I am able to display the text contents .  Whether i need any extra plugin ,There's a function for that. ,,0,26,1,0,1,1
1502,i keep getting a Value error in python,"I am new to programming  I decided I would make a basic maths game. I started      print (""what is your name"")     name = input ()     print (""hello "" + name + "" i am steve and this is my maths test. Are you ready? Y/N"")     answer_1 = input ()     answer_1 = int (answer_1)  I went to test it and every time I do I get this.  Can anyone tell me what I have done wrong",Simply:  And don't convert it to an integer...,,0,103,2,0,1,1
1503,No space between buttons 'on next the line',"I trying to create buttons with round corner to simulate menus tabs. If the screen is not wide enough, I want the buttons to go to the next line. My issue is that there is no spacing between the buttons on the first line and those on the following lines:  I am trying to replicate this issue in JSFiddle, but it does not happen there:  My HTML is:  My CSS is:  Why am having this issue in my page and not JSFiddle? I have posted the (work in progress) page here. Shrink the window to 320px wide to replicate the issue.",You're having the issue because the s are naturally inline elements (). If you were to display them as  then your margin settings will apply. ,,0,1876,2,0,1,1
1504,Using Nokogiri to select a block of HTML based on text?,"I have the following block of HTML:  What I'm ultimately trying to pull is that  string, but to do that, I need to select the  based on the text . I'm using Nokogiri already to parse the HTML, so it'd be great to just keep using that. So, how can I select that block of HTML based on the text """"?","You can do this:  Here's an additional try, which might help you to get going: ",,0,304,2,0,1,1
1505,How to bind JQuery event to a selector with variable id or class?,"I have a page that can have a variable number of tables.  Each table has an id with a number associated with it (for example, table1, table2, table3). A column in each table contains a link that I want to bind a click event to.  I have a variable that holds the id for the link selector (for example, invlink1, invlink2, invlink3).  How do I bind this variable selector id to the event? I currently have:  so, invoicelink holds the id of the selector. I also suspect I should be using a class instead of an id for the selector, but that's not causing the syntax error.",You can concatenate an ID string in the selector: ,,0,568,2,0,1,1
1506,Why does EF 5.0 not support this EF 4.x LINQ syntax when compiling to sql?,"I have some code that was recently upgraded from EF 4.2 to EF 5.0 (actually EF 4.4 since I am running on .Net 4.0). I have discovered that I had to change the syntax of my query, and I'm curious as to why. Let me start off with the problem. I have an EventLog table that is populated by the client periodically. For each event log an entry is created in a Report table. This is the query that is run periodically to discover any event logs that do not have an entry in the Report table yet. The query I used in EF 4.2 was:  Since upgrading to EF 5.0 I get the following error at runtime:  System.NotSupportedException: Unable to create a constant value of   type 'Namespace.Report'. Only primitive types or enumeration types   are supported in this context.  I discovered that rewriting it with the join syntax fixed the issue. The following works in EF 5.0 and is roughly the equivalent:  Some people may have mixed opinions about the mixed syntax/style of the first query, but I'm really more interested in the why of this. It seems odd that the EF 4.2 compiler could generate the SQL for the original query but that the EF 5.0 refuses. Is this a setting I am missing or just a tightening of constraints between the two? Why is this happening?","The problem is caused by the type returned by your repository; the problem can be reproduced when  is not . In that case the  is considered as a non-scalar variable; which by the way is not allowed in LINQ. See Referencing Non-Scalar Variables Not Supported On your question regarding why the second query works, it is basically the following extension method of  which group joins it with .  Which just accepts the expression for the key selectors for both outer and inner(instead of referencing non scalar variables); in which the above constraint doesn't apply. Note: If  is of  the first query will work; because EF will build the expression tree correctly and execute the appropriate SQL.",2.0,12,550,2,0,1,1
1507,How to get css value of an element inside array?,"I have a list, and want to get the value of background of the last element.  and I use this jQuery script  but it's not working. I googled it, but nothing found. Could any one help me to find out the problem. EDITED: this is not working on IE, my be I am wrong. but isn't any other way? ","All answers above will propably output empty string. Please check:  In fact, you are seting the background-color, no background itself. JsFiddle to prove: http://jsfiddle.net/7gxkp/",1.0,0,297,2,0,1,1
1508,Magento check if customer already exists by email with jQuery,"I am trying to avoid offline people from entering an email on the firecheckout page that is already registered as customer. Therefor I created this sample php script in one of my development controllers:  which works perfectly fine. But my concern is the fact that when someone entered all fields on the checkout page and presses the submit button, all the entered data gets set to empty. Which will cause frustration to my customers. So I thought a jQuery script will be better to notify the offline customers to not use an already registered email or either to login on their account when they enter an email address in the email address input field. I would like to make my jQuery script run on user's entered text on the email input field. I only came up with this:  This prints  on the alert box. How would I implement my php check in jQuery? Thanks in advance, Shane","What I would do use an jQuery AJAX call to call your controller function which I would rewrite to be more like the following:  So really you want to move all your javascript out of your controller and into your view, then use the jQuery.ajax method to do something like:  The beauty with AJAX is you can fire checks when you want, so you can listen for the email to be complete and fire the request as soon as they have entered their details.",,1,8430,2,0,1,1
1509,HTTPLiveHeaders equivalent for IE?,"Can anyone let me know if there is any equivalent for Internet explorer like HTTPLiveheader addon for firefox which captures and records all the HTTPrequests etc?  I have an windows application that opens an instance of IE and then makes a few requests, authenticates, uploads files etc. I want to monitor all these. Thanks, Pavan",You may take a look at this blog post. ieHTTPHeaders might be particularly useful. Also note that IE8 comes with a Developer Toolbar that has this functionality out of the box.,,1,322,0,0,0,0
1510,How YOU parse user input?,"Consider the following scenario: http://www.yourdomain.com/Default.aspx?p=2 Now we ofcourse want to check if the querystring parameter p doesnt contain errors. I now have this setup: 1) Check if p exists 2) Filter out html from p's value 3) htmlencode p's value 4) check if p is integer 5) check if p's integer exists in db This is how I usual do it, though step 5 is ofcourse a performance hit. Kind regards, Mark","Quite simple. For most data types (integers, decimals, doubles, dates and booleans) there is a very strict format. If the value does not parse under the strict format, it's an error. Strings sometimes have a strict format, like an email address or a phone number. Those can be validated with a simple regexp. If it conforms, use it, otherwise it's an error. Most of the time however strings will simply need to be persisted to the DB and later displayed again. In that case no processing is needed, aside from escaping when inserting into DB (unnecessary as well if you used parametrized queries)k, and HTML-encoding when rendering to the display. This way any and all data is validated, and there is no risk of any injections whatsoever. The rare exception of a loose format for a string is, well... rare. I can't think of any right now. For that you can afford some more extensive parsing and processing. Added: Oh, yes, checking whether IDs (or other values) are valid in respect to a DB. You're doing it right, but think if you always need it. Quite often you can put the check into some other query that you have to do anyway. Like when you select data based on the ID, you don't need to explicitly check that it exists - just be ready that your query can return no data. Sometimes you don't need to use the value at all, then you can simply ignore it. But, of course, there are other times, like when inserting/updating data, that you indeed need to explicitly check whether the data exists and is valid in the current context.",,0,501,0,0,0,0
1511,Unit Testing Sqlite Membership Provider in MVC app,"I've created an MVC application and I've set up Roger Martin's sqlite Providers in place of the default Providers.  I'm curious about how I would go about unit testing these.   Below is a stripped down method that has many validations, only one of which is still present.  Among other things, I want to write tests that ensures one can't register if the username has been taken, and can register if the username is free (and other validations pass), etc. I can see how unit tests could determine success or failure, but not failure for a specific reason, unless I check the output MembershipCreateStatus parameter but I'm not sure if there is a better way.  Further, what I need to give for object providerUserKey?  Any insight would be very helpful. ","Use the  output variable to determine the reason of failure (duplicte username, invalid password, duplicate email, etc). The value will be one of the following: ",1.0,1,474,0,0,1,1
1512,Moving a value from one field to another in an SQL file,"In my database I have a column named 'description' in this field There is an age at the beginning of the description ex: ""Age 4+ This is a description for this row in the table"". I created a column called 'age' and I have been trying to figure out a way to move the age from the description in one row to its corresponding age column. How do I go from:  To:  Also: Not every row has an age in the description, but any row that has an age is in the format: 'Age x+ '. EDIT: Sorry, I forgot to add that the database is MySQL 5.0.51a","Using Sql Server, you could try something like ",,0,724,0,0,1,1
1513,EDI Inquiry: Is this an acceptable way to retrieve EDI encoded data?,"I'm new to EDI, and I have a question. I have read that you can get most of what you need about an EDI format by looking at the last 3 characters of the ISA line.  This is fine if every EDI used line breaks to separate entities, but I have found that many are single line files with any number of characters used as breaks.  I have noticed that the VERY last character in every EDI I've parsed is the break character.  I've looked at a few hundred, and have found no exceptions to this.  If I first grab that character, and use that to obtain the last 3 of the ISA line, should I reasonably expect that I will be able to parse data from an EDI? I don't know if this helps, but the EDI 'types' in question tend to be 850, 875.  I'm not sure if that is a standard or not, but it may be worth mentioning.",seems to be the same as this: Reading EDI Formatted Files,,1,306,0,0,0,0
1514,Best practices in using Javascript in ASP.NET in a pre-AJAX and pre-jQuery era,"I would like to know what are the best practices in using Javascript in ASP.NET in a pre-AJAX and pre-jQuery era.  What I meant by pre-era is not the time before AJAX/jQuery was created, but rather the time before it is popularized and widely adopted (by a significantly large number of programmers). i.e. Is it good thing to store the script in a string variable and register it on demand (RegisterClientScriptBlock) or on startup (RegisterStartUpScript)? Although I would be happy to see answers in using Javascript in ASP.NET, its usage in PHP and JSP are also welcome. Thanks in advance for your time and expertise.","I have always been an opponent of the RegisterClientScriptBlock methods and object structure. When you use these methods, your JavaScript is injected into the page at the behest of the page controls. This means it could end up being output in very specific positions and not necessarily in the order desired. My JavaScript methods are always external to the page, typically in a separate file. When needed I use a literal control to output JavaScript assignment objects (to let the scripts know what any pertinent ClientIDs might be for accessing fields. ",1.0,0,380,0,0,0,0
1515,Can Scrolling control an Animation?,"I have a UILabel that displays the current date for the current view of my scroll view. When I scroll this view to the left (to the left pages), I'd like this label to change to the day before, with a crossing effect between the 2 dates. I take as reference the fading effect of the Springboard when you scroll to the Spotlight page. I think this is similar but I have no idea how to implement it ! Where do I put the code, do I have to use 2 different UILabel or maybe CoreAnimation ? When do I change the date ? Thanks in advance !"," In your  delegate method, check if the scroll view's  indicates that the user has scrolled to another page. If so, change the label's text to the new date. It won't animate yet, but do this before you try the animation. For the animation, add a  to the label's layer and configure it to your liking:   This effect is a little different from the fading of the Springboard icons (since those fade  continuously as you scroll further to the Spotlight page) but I think my approach is more appropriate for your application. To emulate the Springboard effect, you should indeed use two separate labels (with the same frame) and change their opacity values as the scroll view's contentOffset changes.",,0,392,0,0,0,1
1516,Merging cross referenced XML-files,"I'm co-developing a vehicle information system that reads and presents data from a communication bus. Signaling information on the bus is stored on some kind of database (from the dark ages i'd guess) from which it's only possible to get data out of by extracting a xml-snapshot. Since that wasn't bad enough, someone in upper management thought it was a great idea to treat different parts of the system as different projects (it looked really nice in the organizational chart) which lead to more databases... It is now my responsibility to merge these xml-files into one and before I start banging my head against the wall i thought it would be a good idea to check with you geniuses if there's any neat solution to my problem. The structure of the xml is somewhat like this:  All entities (signals, frames etc.) lies directly under the root element and there can be  several of each. The ID is generated when the file is extracted from the database and changes everytime. The only purpose of the id is to link different entities together, ""Signal 1"" belongs to ""Frame 1"" and so on... The unique identifier of an entity differ between the entities but it's often an id, name or combination of some elements. Since there is an overlap between the projects the second xml-file can look like this:  As you can see there is now multiple instances of ""Frame 1"" and ""Signal 1"" but the second file adds another signal to ""Frame 1"".  What i'm trying to achieve is to add ""Signal 2"" to the first file and update the frame reference to 1001. The best solution i've come up with so far is to do a plain merge (using linq), search the whole file for duplicates, store all related ID's and last but not least replace the deleted ID's with the correct ones. I'm pretty sure there's no oneliner-solution to my problem (since the problem originates from the crappy database structure), but it'd be stupid not to ask.","Well as I suppose there was not any fancy solution too my problem. I ended up using the ""solution"" I described in the question. Well, on to bigger things!",,0,269,0,0,1,0
1517,What is the best way to store data in an objective-c model?,"I am writing an objective-c model to hold all of the data parsed from an XML connection.  I am using an NSURLConnection to download the data asynchronously and it is then passed to the parser.  I have done this before, but not with such a large xml file.  I would like to garner some opinions on the best way to store the data.  Here are some options:  Create a bunch of NSMutableDictionary's that represent the sections in the xml.  Then add a key/value to these dictionaries with the child tags. Create structs to hold the data as such: `struct section_one {     NSString *string1;     NSString *string2; } sectionOne;  The only thing I'm worried about is how to go about managing the memory of the strings inside the struct.  Should I copy the strings when I am instantiating them and release each individual string in the dealloc of the Model class. Overall, I would just like some suggestions as to how to store the data.","I'd suggest using NSDictionary instances nested inside another NSDictionary (whether these need to mutable or not depends on how you intend to use them, so I won't comment on that). The keys to the top-level dictionary could then be sectionOne, sectionTwo, etc., and their corresponding values would be the nested dictionary instances.",,0,164,0,0,0,0
1518,Check for updates periodically,"I have a SL 4.0 app running out of browser with full priviliges. How can I check for updates (CheckAndDownloadUpdateAsync()) every 10 minutes without affecting UI thread. I've tried using the Timer, but the CheckAndDownloadUpdateCompleted doesn't get executed. I think it is erroring out silently. Thanks in advace...","Never mind, I have solved it by encapsulating the code within a class. I'm not sure what was breaking it, but this works. Maybe the issue was the Timer thread calling an event of the App class or something else, but now the timer calls the a method of the new class and it all works.  Thanks anyway...",,1,261,0,0,0,0
1519,sqlite3_enable_shared_cache and sqlite_backup_init slowing execution on iPhone,"I have some relatively complex sqlite queries running in my iPhone app, and some are taking way too much time (upwards of 15 seconds). There are only 430 or so records in the database. One thing I've noticed is that opening a new database connection (which I only do once) and stepping through query results (with ) causes  and  to run, which take 4450ms and 3720ms respectively of processing time throughout the test period. I tried using  to disable shared caching before opening the database connection, but this seems to have no effect. Does anyone have any idea how to disable these so I can get some sort of speed improvement?","Well, I suppose this doesn't directly answer the question, but part of the problem was my use of a cross join instead of a left join. That reduced the query time from about 4000ms to 60ms. Also, the  function is no longer called and  doesn't spin as much.",,0,1106,1,0,1,1
1520,Two ASP.NET Postback related questions,Question 1) I have a control to which I add an attribute from the server side by using a sentence like:  From the client side I modify the value of this attribute by using the Javascript function:  My problem is that when I try to acces to the attribute value on the Postback treatment function the attribute is empty. Am I missing some step? Question 2) Is it possible to obtain the full HTML code of the page in the server side from inside a Postback treatment function?,"If javascript modifies elemants on a page, they will not be visible to the server.  When a postback occurs, the only data that is available to the server is the data that is sent in the form on the page.   ASP.net handles standard form elements such as textboxes, drop down lists etc. by putting their values into a hidden field called viewstate (this is normally encoded so cannot be read directly).   If you want page elements modified by javascript to be visible to the server, you can write new hidden form elements and retrieve them from the Request[string name] array.",,0,131,1,0,1,0
1521,Emacs unable to load its startup files,"I upgraded emacs on a remote terminal to 23-snapshot. As I did not have root privileges there, I did 'make install' with 'prefix' set to a folder in my home directory. Now when I start emacs, it gives an error 'Cannot open load file: encoded-kb', it, also, is unable to run dired or load cc-mode. I tried starting it with '--no-site-file', '-Q', '-q', all have the same issue. My .emacs is empty. Any suggestions? Thanks for your help. Regards, Nishith Update: These are the messages I get when I try to run 'emacs' no arguments.  Its a 64 bit system. Emacs source code was take from the cvs using   update2: Thanks Charlie and Trey for your answers. I think I will skip the 'make install' and stick to using the src/emacs for the time being. Cheers.","AFAIK,  is needed in case of you want to install a package system-wide. Prefix only defines the prefix path of that system-wide installation, but it still requires the proper directory hierarchy (bin/, /lib, /share, etc). If you simply want to use CVS Emacs, you can run it right after the  procedure. For instance, my Emacs' source code is located at , and I can simply type  in order to run Emacs.",2.0,6,6239,1,0,1,1
1522,Custom Binding in ASP.NET MVC - Changing the Binding Behavior on a Single Field,"I have a double-precision floating point field in my database that stores seconds past midnight.  I have code in c# that can convert this number to the form HH:MM:SS.ffffff, where f is fractions of a second.  I also have code that can parse this back into a double. What I would like to do is modify the stock binder object in ASP.NET MVC so that it uses MY parsing and ToString() methods instead of the ones it would normally use from the double type, without having to write a complete custom binder.   Can I write a couple of extension methods in c#, or use a couple of well-placed attributes to let the binder object know about my parsing and ToString() methods? Here is some more clarification. if I provide a model such as a Linq to SQL class to the view, MVC can automatically wire up my fields to the underlying data model, provided I use the same names for the controls in my view as I have used in my data model.  If I post my MVC view back to a controller method, I can write the user's changes back to the database by calling the UpdateModel method on my Controller class.  I don't have to worry about wiring up my specific fields from the FormCollection to my Linq to SQL data class, because the binder has done that for me already. I assume that, in order for the binder to work this magic on an ordinary numeric double, that it must first parse the input from the user (probably by calling double.parse), and pass this to the Linq to SQL class so that it can update the database.   I need to use my own custom parser, instead of the one that comes with the double data type, for one of the fields in my model.  I don't want to have to assume responsibility for the remaining fields.","This is a naive, quick and dirty example, but if you decide to go the model binder route, try something like:   ...... ",1.0,2,2417,1,0,0,1
1523,Create a CDialog in the corner of the screen,"I have an MFC application that creates a CDialog. I'd like this CDialog to not show up in the middle of the screen, but rather off to the side of the screen so its barely visible or even minimized would be good. How can I do this?","Use  in your  function, like so: ",,1,527,1,0,0,1
1524,How did they apply Twitter oAuth here?,"I have just succeeded in creating oAuth authentication for my twitter application using PHP. I then saw this site and I am surprised how they open a new window, close that window and then continue the request in the initial window?! Can Someone explain with some Javascript (I am guessing they are using this) how they did this?! I notice when the second window closes they make two GET requests. I want to be able to do something like this since my users can write content on my site and I do not want that to get deleted. Is there a better way that isn't so obtrusive? (window popping open). If not, I will use their method as I can not think of anything else. Thanks all","Here's the part of the JavaScript code that is related to that:  TG.util.oauth.win = window.open('/-oauth-twitter/request?gotoafter=1&gotor=oauthtwitter&gotop=action%3Dwindowend','OAuthTwitterRequest','menubar=yes,location=yes,resizable=yes,scrollbars=yes,status=yes,width=800,height=400'); opens the oAuth window, that handles the login if (!TG.util.oauth.win) return true; returns true if the window isn't open (I guess). TG.util.oauth.timer = window.setInterval(TG.util.oauth.winCheck, 300); spawns a timer that checks if the login has been done every 300 miliseconds.",0.0,2,1990,1,0,0,1
1525,Input Mask without Year for date,Could anyone help me in inserting a input mask formula for date in a access form textbox that shouldnot take year  which only take date and month  in the below format : DD/MM Not in DD/MM/YY Thanks for help in advance,99/99 would work.,,0,2436,1,0,0,0
1526,Block UI with Collapsed Navbar Dropdown,"I have a website with a Navigation element that contains 5 menu items. When the site is running on a mobile device or tablet, under 768px I would like the drop down menu to behave a little differently. I would like the menu background to take up the entire screen when it is displayed, essentially blocking the UI.  Here is how the application looks now.  And this is how I would like it to look once the menu button has been pressed. (Desired Results)  This is what I have tried, but have been unsuccessful.  ","JSfiddle: http://jsfiddle.net/4rktL9q7/2/ I don't know if bootstrap gives you an easier way to do this but here is what you should do: 1) Wrap the popup navbar in a div   2) Set position to fixed, align it to top left corner and make it cover whole page by 100% width and height. Use text-align to center the menu and initially set the display to none  3) Finally write an easy onclick listener to pop it up and close it up  ",,-1,574,0,0,1,1
1527,"User authentication on firebase, show restricted content",I am making this website with simple picture gallery on it. I am trying to add a simple user authentication on it so only one person can add and remove images from the gallery. I know it probably would be simple to do with PHP but i have never used it so i don't know how simple it actually would be for me? I found out that i can do user authentication in firebase so i thought to try that. So far i have this code:   I am getting authData back as console log so the authentication is working. Now i am wondering. How can i use this to only show content to the authenticated user? Or is it even possible with authentication like this? Thank you for your patience.,"While this is a broad question, and the detailed answers are on the Firebase website, here's a broad answer. Firebase has two parts to securing your data (generally speaking)  The Rules are what you are looking for as an answer to your question. Firebase data is initially is wide open; if you create a new app space with the Firebase dashboard, any user (authenticated or not) can access that data. Once you put a set of Rules in place, that then defines what and who can access that same data. Here's a rule that ensures that read/write access is only given to a user that has authenticated  This coupled with your authentication would only allow authenticated users to access your data; unauthenticated users would not be able to read or write to it.",,0,71,0,0,1,1
1528,Android setNextFocusDown on programatically created view,"My layout contains a  which contains, when inflated, a single button. After inflation, 3 more views are added programmatically and what I want to be able to do is set the  of the initial button to the first created view in my loop, like so:  The problem being, as per the comments, there doesn't seem to be a method  - so I can't figure out a way to achieve this, other than nesting the programmatically created views in a dummy parent layout - but I'd like to avoid that if at all possible.",Create a file   Than change your code like this: ,,0,137,0,0,1,1
1529,Second HTML Button $.post not working,"I have two buttons on my page that will display based on the window width. Both buttons retrieve and use the same values when submitting my page:  The first button will run through this code 100% of the time, the second button will get as far as the $.post and then fail. I have no idea why. The values are being populated without issue.",I realized after the fact that it came down to simply having a mis-named button. Always check your IDs and Names folks!,,1,56,0,0,1,0
1530,upload image using AFNetworking in swift ios,"I am trying to upload an image to my server using  in swift , and I got this error    any help?!","I'm guessing that you can't use an arbitrary path to a file like that. Try using an image file from your app's bundle to start with, and use a call like NSBundle URLForResourceWithExtension to fetch the file. If you want to load a file from the user's camera roll you need to use the appropriate API, not a direct file path. (Direct access to the file system is severely limited by the ""app sandbox"".)",,0,1099,0,0,1,0
1531,I have to write mini project and don't know how to start,Hi everyone I need to write mini project and I have no idea where to start or what are the steps. Can someone help me to how to start or even give me steps to what to do? ," Allow the student to enter the school ID number when they enter the cafeteria.   see  or  Keep track of the students who are currently in the cafeteria.  see dictionary (or even list or some other Data Structure) Display student names and when they logged in see  and  respectively Display the total number of students who are currently in the cafeteria. see  Keep track of all the students who accessed the cafeteria throughout the day. see dictionary (or even list or some other Data Structure) Display only to authorized cafeteria personal all the students who came see  and  (or  in python3) in, when they came in, and when they left. see  and  modules, and use your earlier DataStructures  ",,-4,65,0,0,1,1
1532,Vanity URLs without trailing slashes on Apache,"The code below rewrites all URLs in the /profiles/ directory on our site from  to , but we'd also like to remove the trailing slashes to further simplify the resulting URLs to the prettier  -- just like on modern social media.  How can this be done (and done safely)? We have seen several solutions on Stumble Upon that if combined possibly could work, but all profiles on our site currently have their own physical directories rather than being assembled on the fly by a script. Update: @jon-lin offered a solution to a similar situation at How to access directory's index.php without a trailing slash AND not get 301 redirect -- but we didn't figure out how to apply it to ours (described above).","By adding part of the code suggested by @jon-lin at How to access directory's index.php without a trailing slash AND not get 301 redirect (internally rewriting the trailing slash back in), we actually made this work:  The profile for Gucci on FASHION NET (located at ) can now be accessed at https://www.fashion.net/gucci -- with no trailing slash! Thank you, @jon-lin!!!!",,2,380,0,0,1,1
1533,.htaccess - Redirect everything to homepage except one directory,"I'm creating an AngularJS app and want to avoid the # in the URL. I learned that I needed to add the following .htaccess rules to make it work:   That worked great. However, now my calls to my web services are not working. The web service files are inside an /api/ directory, e.g. http://example.com/api/. My guess is that when the api calls try to access those files, they also get redirected and break. So how can I modify the rules above to redirect everything to the homepage, except links that are going to any file inside the api folder? I tried to find an existing answer to this, but while there were many similar ones, none of them was exactly what I needed. Thanks!",I found the code I needed:   That's all you need. Got it from: https://ngmilk.rocks/2015/03/09/angularjs-html5-mode-or-pretty-urls-on-apache-using-htaccess/ ,,0,110,0,0,1,1
1534,"how to permanently store an input made by a user in python even after the script restarts, the user input will be stored","I am a little stuck with my code i am trying to make a login system where the user can login to  their account and use the commands that i have set, but i wanted add some extra input so that the user can register to the login system and use the commands i have set. i wanted to store the input made by the user permanently in a different variable each time so that when the user restarts the peice of code they can log in to the system and they wouldn't need to register again. THANKS IN ADVANCED!!! Sorry my code won't seem to register as code  Here is the peice of code that i have created so far:  ",Hey guys your ways are too complicated all you could do is this ,,2,5045,1,0,1,1
1535,list of keyvalue pair into dictionary,I have a list of data as key value pair say for example:  I just want to add this set of data into key-value pair as two individual set as follows  ,"If the pattern is that your key reverts to 0, then loop through the list and add a new dictionary to a list every time it resets. ",,-1,27,1,0,1,1
1536,How to use any one of multiple filters in route in Laravel 4.2,I am developing my application in Laravel 4.2. I have 2 filters in my application named  and . Admin can access to all controllers and guest can access to only few controllers. This is the route for admin  But I want to route functions for guest. I tried in this way  But this type routing checks for both filters... But I need to check the user is  How will i configure the route? Can anyone help??,"Make third filter, that will check if user is guest or admin, for example the name is guestOrAdmin. Than write a code like this: ",,0,369,1,0,1,1
1537,How to pass id as query string,I want to redirect to new page when click on edit (href link) along this i want to fetch the data corresponding to the record. this is view code  this is js  in controller i want to update the data,send it with a query string:   ,,0,1349,1,0,1,1
1538,LINQ OrderBy not sorting as expected on string,"I am using Umbraco CMS to attempt to sort a collection of node's (DynamicNode type), and the LINQ OrderBy statement is not working as one would expect.  I have to be missing something here right? I have been debugging this as so..  Output:  [Unsorted List from First Iteration] Quality Inn & Suites  ​Days Inn  Palm Tree Inn  ​Super 8  ​Wyndie Crest Bed & Breakfast  [Should be Alphabetical List from Second Iteration] ​Days Inn  ​Super 8  ​Wyndie Crest Bed & Breakfast  Palm Tree Inn  Quality Inn & Suites   Could anybody lend me some insight as to why this couldn't be working?   in this code is just a string.",I was able to break the string apart into a char array and I found the issue to be instances of ZERO-WIDTH space characters at the beginnings of some of my strings.  I scrubbed the Array of these characters and added them back to a list and all works perfectly now.  CODE: ,0.0,0,166,1,0,1,1
1539,"nginx + uwsgi + django ""could not import settings""","Ok I must be so stupid but I cannot figure out how to get this working, I have nearly two hours and I cannot advance anymore and I honestly don't know what's wrong, I've read a lot of guides and I am doing everything fine.. But let's paste you the configs: dir struct:  wsgi.py  backoffice.ini  Then I run the following command:  And I get the error of ""could not import settings it is on sys.path"" of course it is!! sys.path  Any hint? what's too obvious that I'm not seeing.. Thanks","I checked again and @sk1p pointed out that I might be have issues on my settings which was true after debugging deep, I was importing the translation library and that made a circular import issue. Thanks for the help man",1.0,0,673,0,0,1,0
1540,Setting fixed context root of a Tapestry app deployed on Glassfish,"I was wondering if there is a way to make Tapestry application to always have the exact same context root when deployed on Glassfish server? For example, I'd like to always access my app as  instead of  or . I have made a  with the following property in there:  but it doesn't do the trick.","Apparently, an oversight was done on my part. If I want Glassfish to use the context root I provided, I have to leave the  field blank when deploying from web admin console. Everything else is fine, including  file.",,0,269,0,0,1,1
1541,"android.bat Opens SDK Manager, SDK Manager.exe does not","I've been trying to fix this for the last 48 hours, and it is driving me insane. My SDK Manager.exe flashes a cmd screen and closes in less than a second. After much searching, I finally managed to get my SDK Manager to open after adjusting android.bat, and running it as administrator. But, SDK Manager.exe was not able to find android.bat so I copied it into the android-sdk folder. SDK Manager.exe is now able to find android.bat, but it is still briefly flashing cmd and then closing. My PATH variable has my jdk java.exe directory as the first entry, and I have restarted and reinstalled several times. What is causing this? Why am I able to open the manager from android.bat, but not from the executable?  I am trying to configure Eclipse to use the SDK Manager, but obviously I cannot because the executable refuses to open. Eclipse is also telling me that adb.exe is missing, and upon checking platforms I have confirmed this. I assume adb.exe will be installed from the SDK Manager? Edit: After thinking about it, I think the issue may be with the permissions of android.bat. It must be run as administrator in order to work, otherwise if opened regularly it will say ""Access is denied"".  Is it possible to change this? Looking in the properties of android.bat, I have adjusted my account to have full control. This has not affected the issue, though.","I had the same issue! I had installed the ADT bundle 64-bit, so I downloaded Java 64-bit. I messed around with paths and things, but the thing that fixed it in the end was installed Java 32-bit. The easy fix is to install both versions. You can download them manually here. Good luck!",0.0,1,9571,0,0,0,0
1542,Invoking AX web service via C#,"I am trying to connect to the AX web services. What I will do it to fetch the right price given a product and a customer. I realised the right webservice to use is PriceListServiceClient and I am able to log in to it using windows authentication, but I cannot retrieve any data from it. Here is my code:  Any idea about why this is happening?","I found the answer here: http://community.dynamics.com/ax/f/33/p/118741/246784.aspx The Ax class for Price List document is AxPriceDiscTmpPrintout Class. This class wraps the TmpPriceDiscPrintout table, which is a TMP table. That's why you are not getting anything in return.",,0,2086,0,0,1,0
1543,Correct syntax for signal handlers?,"I've searched among the documentation of Python, and PyGtk but i couldn't find the right syntax for a generic signal handler written by the programmer; i've just found the documentation for the classic API provided by the library(PyGtk). This is the syntax for my function for every method i've in my modules:  But is it correct?  How can i be sure i'll got the widget reference, the event that fired up the signal handler and the arguments of the event? I'm a bit confused of what and how many arguments i'll got from each event, and how many arguments my signal handler will get.","It depends on the signal what exactly is passed in; you'd consult the  signal documentation. For example, the  signal expects:  but  will use:  etc.",,0,82,0,0,1,1
1544,org/apache/commons/io/FileUtils - NoClassDefFoundError,"I have a project that runs fine in eclipse. However, when exporting it to jar (both executable jar and regular jar), I'm getting the above exception when running it. My classpath contains:  And as you can see, the third entry is the right lib. Why does this happen?","Add the commons-io library to the classpath of the jar. Note that when you create a jar with your code the linked libraries are not included in it and need to be in the classpath of the jar. For example, if commons-io was in the libs folder in Eclipse you'll need to distribute a libs folder containing the required libraries with your jar file.",,0,2661,0,0,1,0
1545,Using Whenever with Rails 4 - Modify attributes from a model,"I got a problem. I use whenever to run daily a method in a model class (of course). This method iterates over a collection of ""holidays"" instances and then notifies the existence of this holiday to a client (another model).  Here comes the problem; the holidays instances have an attribute called ""notified"". I use this to know if that holidays was notified to the clients (I don't want to notify a holiday twice). In order to do that, i need to access to the attributes of the holiday instance to chango the value (boolean) of the attribute ""notified"". But I can not do that (i get no errors, but the attribute doesn't get updated -always false-)  Any hints? holidays.rb  And the scheduler.rb  THANKS!!","Use . Also, You don't have to use instance variables in your notify method ",,0,173,0,0,1,1
1546,Call Web Service from AJAX,"I've looked through a number of posts/tutorials on calling a WS via AJAX, but am still not able to do this. Not that the environment matters but... I wrote my Java Class in Eclipse, I'm running it on GlassFish, and I'm able to hit the Endpoint via soapUI.  JAVA Class:  Endpoint:  When I load the following Web Page, I only see ""Error: "" displayed in the .  soapUI Request:  soapUI Respose:  Thanks for any input on this!",Got it! ,,0,421,0,0,1,1
1547,Controller method call expected when compiling a Play Framework application,I am getting an error message when compiling my application.  My Routes file looks as below:  My application (Java) looks like the below:  I am getting the following error when I compile the code:  What am I doing wrong?,Your  method must return a  not  cf. http://www.playframework.com/documentation/2.1.1/JavaActions,,1,2699,0,0,1,1
1548,Center images inside 2 columns of a section,Code is right now: HTML:     CSS:  Though it does not look correct: ,"I'm not sure, if I understood your requested positioning correctly, but if I look at your code, you want your image to be horizontal centered? Since image is an inline element per default the margin:0 auto will not be considered. Try something like this:  I put together a small fiddle to demonstrate.  For more complex positioning you could have a look at the css-syntax display: table, table-row and so on, to emulate a classic table with other html elements.",0.0,-1,128,0,0,1,1
1549,Java EE & Glassfish unstability,"I'm using JavaEE 6, EJB3, JSF2 and JPA to develop a web shop, backend logic and desktop administration application for all that. I'm using Netbeans 7 and Glassfish for that. Among a lot of stability issues I am having with Glassfish, I guess, one of them is really bugging. And when it creeps up there is literally no way to fix it until it goes by itself and everything continues working for a short period of time until it comes back. It reflects itself as the EJB module stops working. The web application runs and the desktop runs but neither can access the EJB's. The usual messages in the Glassfish Server ouput when running the EAR are something like:  WARNING: Error in annotation processing: java.lang.NoClassDefFoundError: rs/elfak/eposlovanje/beans/ManagerBeanRemote WARNING: Error in annotation processing: java.lang.NoClassDefFoundError: rs/elfak/eposlovanje/beans/SubcategoryBeanRemote   WARNING: Error in annotation processing:   java.lang.NoClassDefFoundError:   rs/elfak/eposlovanje/beans/ProductBeanRemote WARNING: Error in annotation processing:   java.lang.NoClassDefFoundError:   rs/elfak/eposlovanje/beans/CategoryBeanRemote WARNING: Error in annotation processing:   java.lang.NoClassDefFoundError:   rs/elfak/eposlovanje/beans/ManagerBeanRemote WARNING: Error in annotation processing:   java.lang.NoClassDefFoundError:   rs/elfak/eposlovanje/beans/SubcategoryBeanRemote WARNING: Error in annotation processing:   java.lang.NoClassDefFoundError:   rs/elfak/eposlovanje/beans/ProductBeanRemote WARNING: Error in annotation processing:   java.lang.NoClassDefFoundError:   rs/elfak/eposlovanje/beans/CategoryBeanRemote SEVERE: Class [ Lrs/elfak/eposlovanje/beans/CategoryBeanRemote; ] not   found. Error while loading [ class exercise.UiBean ] SEVERE: Class [ Lrs/elfak/eposlovanje/beans/CategoryBeanRemote; ] not   found. Error while loading [ class exercise.UiBean ]  That leads to my CDI bean crashing, that's the thing called  (I didn't go far enough so the naming is just temporary).  Down the glassfish console it also shows an error loading UiBean caused by:  org.jboss.weld.resources.spi.ResourceLoadingException: Error loading class exercise.UiBean   .   .   . Caused by: java.lang.NoClassDefFoundError:   Lrs/elfak/eposlovanje/beans/CategoryBeanRemote;   at   java.lang.Class.getDeclaredFields0(Native Method)     at   java.lang.Class.privateGetDeclaredFields(Class.java:2317)           at java.lang.Class.getDeclaredFields(Class.java:1762)...  And so on for each EJB. The xxxRemote items are actually remote interfaces, the EJBs are named like that but without the Remote postfix. Sometimes I get an error related to JPA, as it can't create a table or execute a SQL (sometimes it tries to drop tables although the persistance.xml is set up not to create tables). But that usually goes away after hitting Run a couple of times. What can be done concerning this? I've Googled up a couple of solutions, such as cleaning some Netbeans cache in AppData, re-adding the ejb and war projects, copying libs around, but nothing really cuts it. Should I try some other application server, because it looks to me that it's the source of my problems?","After a couple of other workstations joined the project with no problems, I clean reinstalled Glasfish server and Netbeans and it continued working on well.",,0,589,0,0,1,0
1550,Stateful and Stateless EJB depending on implementation,"I am pretty new to Java beans and I would like to know it is possible to create a EJB both as Stateful and Stateless depending on the situation. The concrete case is: I have a DAO EJB that depending on where it is used must have a extended persistence context or not, o I understand it must be Stateful or Stateless depending on the case. Any ideas? Thanks! :)","Ejb can not be a statefull and stateless ejb at the same time.But I have one idea. you can create another class and interface,let it extends the ejb and interface above,if the above is stateless,then mark the second as stateful,else the opposite.",,0,171,0,0,0,0
1551,"Google Cloud Endpoints files generated, server not working","I run  and successfully generate the files for Google Cloud Endpoints[1] (2  files, 1  file and 1  file).  The script doesn't add anything to my  folder, so I assume server-side is already handled by magic configured in  and  annotations (a'la Spring Framework).  But  redirects me to a blank Google cloud console. Uploading my app yields the same result. Am I missing something? I think the documentation is a bit lacking, it doesn't even explain what the generated files are for. I'm using Google App Engine Java. [1] https://developers.google.com/appengine/docs/java/endpoints/gen_clients","As mentioned by Dan Holevoet in the comment, the script needs to be ran from . As for my case, I just need to copy the files into that directory.",,1,1248,0,0,1,1
1552,Using Git to Merge Updated Features to Forked Projects,"So I'm relatively new to the more interesting parts of git besides push, pull, commit, and branches. I was looking at the android subreddit and found a link to the source of a new feature for the Paranoid Android rom. When I looked at it, I noticed that the ENTIRE feature was a single set of 2 individual commits pushed to 2 repos (Part 1, Part 2). In the comment section of the post, people mentioned how people can add this feature to their rom by merging the commit. This makes sense to me since all the changes to add that feature are added in that single commit. What I don't understand though is how someone could easily merge that feature if it was updated a bunch of times. Now we have a single ""base"" commit to merge along with a ton of other, smaller ""update commits"". I don't see any branches from the main project on the github page, so there isn't really a central ""This is where this feature was added"" place. So if I at first decide to not add the feature to my ROM, the feature is updated in multiple commits, how would I merge it with my project?","When you merge a commit into your project, that also merges in all of its ancestors.  So merging in a subsequent commit built on the original patch will also pull in the original patch. It's possible to use a commit (rather than a branch) as the argument to , but also it is easy to create a branch pointing to that commit.  So for example someone could easily create a MY_ENTIRE branch in their repository for their follow-up commit; merge branch MY_ENTIRE and you'll also pull in the original commit.",,1,99,0,0,0,1
1553,Add custom back stack," is a view which contains a .  becomes  and . When it becomes  I show the keyboard and request focus to the EditTextView:  At this point the user can press the back button and close the keyboard. I want to create ""here"" a back stack where: on back pressed not only does the keyboard gets hidden but the  as well (). How can I have both the already keyboard-hidden backstack and the setVisibility(View.GONE) in one back-pressed event?  (alternative: how can I add some code in that specific existing backstack?) Should I rewrite the whole backstack in that activity as shown here?",I was helped by this example. I extended the editext class inside the Activity like:  and moved all the attributes from XML programmatically (to add the view programmatically). Then I overrode the :   does the work to hide the keyboard for me (and the stacking) so I only had to adjust the visibility.,,0,291,0,0,1,1
1554,Oracle Forms and Reports - Which JAR file contains java.reports.server.Security?,I am currently attempting to build a JAR file which interfaces with Oracle Reports; I need to know which JAR file contains  in order to fix a compilation issue and my google-fu skills have thus far proven inadequate.  Any help on this would be much appreciated!,If anyone is wondering about the answer to this; I found the JAR files required for reports API dependency resolution. They are as follows: $ORACLE_HOME/jlib/zrclient.jar -AND- $ORACLE_HOME/reports/jlib/rwrun.jar I hope this helps if anyone else becomes as stuck as I was...,,0,766,0,0,1,0
1555,How do I restore a dump file from mysqldump?,"I was given a MySQL database file that I need to restore as a database on my Windows Server 2008 machine. I tried using MySQL Administrator, but I got the following error:  The selected file was generated by   mysqldump and cannot be restored by   this application.  How do I get this working?","It should be as simple as running this:   If the dump is of a single database you may have to add a line at the top of the file:  If it was a dump of many databases, the use statements are already in there. To run these commands, open up a command prompt (in Windows) and  to the directory where the  executable is (you may have to look around a bit for it, it'll depend on how you installed mysql, i.e. standalone or as part of a package like WAMP).  Once you're in that directory, you should be able to just type the command as I have it above.",177.0,558,843175,597,8,0,1
1556,Whats best practice for including external actionscript files in flex application,"If I include a an external actionscript file in a flex mxml file, I get different behaviours at compile time depending on the method used. Using an mx script tag with a source attribute or an include statement, then compiling the file gives errors like: Error: Packages cannot be nested. If use import  these errors go away and the file compiles but then I have problems when trying to instantiate the class.  which gives: Error: Access of undefined property testing. Can anyone explain what is going on here? What effect does including the file as opposed to importing it have on packages and scope? thanks,","To answer the more general question: importing is the preferred way of including external files. In my opinion the  statement should be only used when nothing else will do as it makes things a bit more difficult to debug if something goes wrong and makes code usually more difficult to read and comprehend. Assaf's description of what  and  do is correct. And then for the more specific problem you seem to have: you're probably trying to do the   right there in the  block -- try putting it in a method. You should only have things like  statements and member declarations (variables, functions) directly in the script block and statements like this within functions. You're seeing that error message because when you're calling the  method of this object, it hasn't been created yet -- that statement will be executed when the definition of the class that your MXML file represents is loaded; what you want is to have it executed when a particular instance of this class has been created, and you can do that by calling it in the constructor of the class (this is, as far as I know, not possible when you're writing a class using MXML, so read on:) or for example in a handler function for the  (or  in terms of MXML tag attributes) event (see the example below.) Try something like this: ",2.0,1,8328,4,3,1,1
1557,Can a page raise an event that the user control can handle?,"I have done this the other way many times as it makes sense (the page knows about the control as it has been added to the page and can handle the 'child' event)  Is it possible to do it the other way? I think not as the control doesn't know what page it is going to be on The reason i ask this is that I have a modal popup on the page to ask users to login, and it is only when the user has logged in that I want my user control to go away and execute some code but I am not too sure how to tell the control this has happend?","Total Friday afternoon 'my mind is fried' question, all i needed to do was have a public sub on the user control that the page could call once the login was complete!  I vote to close on account of my stupidity",,0,171,0,0,0,0
1558,Can I recover international characters mistakenly stored in a varchar field?,"My client has an old MS SQL 2000 database that uses varchar(50) fields to store names. He tried to use this database to capture some data (via a web form). Some of the form-fillers are from other countries, and the varchar fields went nutty when some of these folks entered their names. Is it possible to recover the data somehow? Maybe by guessing what the character should be based on what it resolved to in ASCII/varchar and the country the person is from? Some of the data: Name / Country / First or Last Name? JiÅ™Ã­  / CZE / F TorbjÃ¶rn / FIN / F HuszÃ¡r / HUN / L JÃ¼rgen / DEU / F MÃ¼ller / CHE / L BumbÃ¡lkovÃ¡ / CZE / L DoleÅ¾al / CZE / L Loïc / DEU / L   By the way, the web form specified this content-type: ","Working from the 5th example. Ã is ascii #195 (C3).  ¼ is ascii #188 (BC). I'd guess that MÃ¼ller is meant to be Müller.  If this is UTF-8, based upon http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/UTF-8#Description We've got  C3 BC = 1100 0011 1011 1100 Applying the UTF-8 mapping: (110) 00011 (10) 11 1100 0000 0000 1111 1100 00FC which is Unicode ü U+00FC (see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Latin_characters_in_Unicode) Seems to me that you could work through this programmatically. Now solving the first example: Jiå™ã was actually JiÅ™Ã­  (The final character not shown). Ignoring the Ji, which is correct, C5 99 c3 AD (110)0 0101 (10)01 1001 (110)0 0011 (10)10 1101 0159 00ED ří So the name is: Jiří. Wikipedia says that special r is Czech and so is the i. Furthermore if I google Jiří (http://www.google.com/search?q=Ji%C5%99%C3%AD&ie=utf-8&oe=utf-8) I get plenty of hits. We're on a winner here. The second example, TorbjÃ¶rn, maps nicely to Torbjörn which sounds convincing. IMHO there's no great need for human checking of these, they seem to just work.",,5,550,6,3,1,0
1559,Fixed header above scrollable table,"I am trying to have a table header, in a seperate div stay in place while a div undernearth is able to scroll al arge list of records. Both divs are in a div named Layer 3. Hereis the css file I am using:  and part of the php code I am using to generate the html:  I am not sure what I have missed, but tableheader does not seem to be stationary, or even separate from tablecontent.","div name does not equal div id.  #Layer3 is referencing an element with an id of Layer3.  Only one element is allowed to have a given id; all ids must be unique. Don't forget to close your tags (table). If div#Layer3 is scrolling everything inside it then it has some overflow set.  Redefine it to overflow:hidden in the #Layer3 style.  You may need to try playing with margins and floats to get things positioned right, but ill leave that to you.",,0,379,0,1,1,0
1560,How to trunc a date to seconds in Oracle,This page mentions how to trunc a timestamp to minutes/hours/etc. in Oracle. How would you trunc a timestamp to seconds in the same manner?,"Since the precision of  is to the second (and no fractions of seconds), there is no need to  at all. The data type  allows for fractions of seconds.  If you convert it to a  the fractional seconds will be removed - e.g. ",2.0,14,54083,30,5,0,1
1561,A free tool to check C/C++ source code against a set of coding standards?,"It looks quite easy to find such a tool for Java (Checkstyle, JCSC), but I can't seem to find one for C/C++. I am not looking for a lint-like static code analyzer, I only would like to check against coding standards like variable naming, capitalization, spacing, identation, bracket placement, and so on.","The only tool I know is Vera. Haven't used it, though, so can't comment how viable it is. Demo looks promising.",65.0,151,118077,57,7,0,0
1562,Should we use FxCop on UnitTest assemblies?,We use FxCop for all of our projects.  For our UnitTests I am not sure it is worth it.  We end up with many suppresses:  What are people's thoughts on FxCop on Unit test code?,"When I teach our unit test / TDD class, I usually tell people to write test code following the same principles as they would when writing prober production code. However, I acknowledge that some of the FxCop rules may generate too much noise.  Couldn't you use a suitable subset of the FxCop rules for the test code? ",,5,720,5,0,1,0
1563,nested set and treeview control,"Given the following database tables and sample data:  I'm using a nested set for my hierarchy data. What I'm trying to do is display my locations and products together in a collapsible tree view control. Will I somehow have to combine the tables before proceeding? Please advise in all areas (see tags) Thanks, rod.","I would recommend you create a ModelView that you map your domain models into in your controller.  For example, something like   and then take a look at this page for a jQuery plugin and HTML helper: http://www.matthidinger.com/archive/2009/02/08/asp.net-mvc-recursive-treeview-helper.aspx",1.0,0,559,0,0,1,1
1564,What indexes will I need to make on this SQL Server table?,I have the following sql query for a SQL Server 2008 db.  Notice how I'm using the  keyword? I have an FTS on the  field. I'm not sure what index(s) I need to manually add to the table because this query is very common in our system. Do I need to just add an index against ? Update Here's the query graphs...  ,IF your LocationType is highly selective then my suggestion is to create a covered index on that table with key as LocationType and add LocationId in your include column list,,0,74,0,0,1,0
1565,Test database to test performance tuning techniques in Oracle,"I want to test some performance tuning techniques on a realistic database with many database tables and a lot of data. I would like to do this in Oracle 11g Release 1 and would like to know how best to go about this or if there is a website I could get realistic datasets/database from. Many thanks for your audience. Cheers, Tunde",May you can choose something from this.,0.0,0,254,0,0,0,0
1566,Resizing Iframes in Facebook Applications,So it looks like Facebook has removed the page referencing how to resize iframe apps except this one which includes a 404'ed js file.  All of the examples I am finding online either reference the aforementioned missing javascript file or they simply do not work. Any guidance would be greatly appreciated. Thanks!,"Found it.. here. EDIT: Lovely, doesn't seem to work.",,0,172,0,0,0,0
1567,.NET Application - search problem,"I've got an ASP.NET web app and a  on the server (in the Application[] store). Class Product has a Name property. I need to give users the ability to search for products based on names. For example if the user types 'honda computer', the app has to show '2001 Honda Passport Engine Computer (OEM)'. The search has to be very fast, in future I'll add autocomplete functionality (AJAX). So far I had a couple ideas how to solve this:  Write or use an open source implementation of something like B-Tree, Trie, Suffix tree, Prefix tree. Unfortunately data structures and algorithms are not my strongest skill (damn Harvard, so much money for nothing). Use a search engine - Lucene.NET, Velocity or MemCached.NET. Never used one, so I don't know if they will work in this scenario. I don't need to search for synonyms and my app doesn't have permissions to access the file system (so no index file).  Any advice is welcome.","Depending upon how much data you have, using a suffix tree would actually be an extremely good idea. Generally users are going to type from the beginning of a phrase when a text-box has auto-suggest enabled and since you can search the tree on the basis of the characters that are being input by the user input as it, a suffix tree would automatically filter down the possible suggestions and also provide you with the suggestions to display by navigating the tree. While it is true that they can be complicated to implement, you might be able to find one written for .NET already. However, because they tend to be very useful, you can find some good materials with information on how to write your own.",,0,107,0,0,1,0
1568,"Ruby on Rails project ->Error by ""cap production deploy"" -> ERROR rbenv: 2.2.2 is not installed or not found","I'm experiencing an error by trying to execute ""cap production deploy""  This is my Gemfile:  This is my Capfile:  This is my deploy.rb file:  at command ""ruby -v"" on local machine the result I get is:  at command ""ruby -v"" on deploment server the result I get is: ","You're experiencing a conflict between RVM and Rbenv, where RVM is still maintaining a reference to Ruby 2.2.2 someplace (maybe a bash profile), even though you appear to have only Ruby 2.2.0 installed. RVM and rbenv are incompatible with one another, so you're going to have to decide which tool you want to use to manage your libraries. Removing one or the other should solve your problem. To uninstall RVM, run , which completely uninstalls RVM. To uninstall rbenv,  your  directory and remove references to rbenv from your shell's script.",,0,188,0,0,1,1
1569,"HTML position:absolute, e-mail signature","I know that probably position will not work on many platforms as an e-mail signature, but I want to fix another problem: when I start typing text in the e-mail, the text slowly goes bellow the signature, instead of ""pushing"" it away to the bottom (he text gathers over it and not above it). How can I fix it?enter image description here      ",the text is overlapping/going below the signature due to the mass absolute positioning of elements within the html signature. i'd strongly recommend using simpler html table's as you will be able to achieve the desired layout as well as a cross client solution.,,1,449,0,0,1,0
1570,Knowing where observable lives in root model in foreach/descendant bindings in knockout,"This is a really niche scenario where ideally I need to be able to have a binding on a property, but be able to know where that property lives within the root view model. So for example lets say I have the object:  Now the problem here is if i were to have bindings like this:  Now I need to be able to resolve  here to  opposed to just . Currently I don't think there is a way to know in the binding that the property is  as it just sees the value, so I may need to pass this in as a string, or have a custom attribute on the object that the binding looks for. Either way I need to be able to somehow get the property path for each observable (in related to the rootModel applied in its scope) within the scope of the binding. I know it seems crazy, and it is but it is still something I need to be able to do if at all possible. So foreach is just one scenario where the child binding scope changes and is wrapped so for all scenarios I need to be able to build a  for properties which are used with this custom binding. So is there a way to do this?","There seemed to be no easy way to do this, so I had to write pre-processors for certain bindings to cache the scope and then apply that as a new binding at runtime (as pre processors cannot access binding context).  Then in the actual bindings they are proxied and they lookup if there is any parent with an existing scope, then the local property is appended and cached for child lookups on the binding context. This is being used in: https://github.com/grofit/treacherous So feel free to look at how its done there and if there is a better solution please let me know :)",,0,44,0,0,1,0
1571,HttpPostedFileBase is coming null,below is the code in my View    and below is my controller that what i want to call when click on save button but 'img' is coming as null and after searching in google i found that to add  but still it is coming as null  Not able to find the solution. Please help or give some reference if possible.,"Asp.Net MVC default model binding works with  attribute, So add  attribute with  as shown :- ",,0,93,0,0,1,1
1572,getopt not getting parameters in some order,"I'm using  to parse the parameters from the command line, and I have problems to make it recognize the optional parameter order. I want to achieve these cases:   my code looks like this   to debug better this I've also wrote outside the while  so the examples 1 and 3 are correctly working, while the example 2 is not getting the parameters straight. At first I thought that it was simply not possible with this function, but then in this example I saw it was. There's also a bonus question: how come calling the program with no parameters doesn't ? I'm using ubuntu 15.10 and gcc 5.2.1 installed with apt-get (dunno if useful but better safe that sorry)."," in this example I saw it was [possible].  No, you didn't.  Your option  requires an argument, but in your non-working case you try to insert a different option between the  and its argument.  That is not allowed -- if an option takes an argument, whether optional or required, that argument (if provided) must immediately follow the option letter.  The example you linked does not show differently. What you are trying to do not only is not supported by , it does not follow standard Unix convention.  Moreover, although it could conceivably work the way you imagine for options with required arguments, it is wholly unworkable for options with optional arguments.  When arguments are optional, there is no way to correctly match them with their options if they are not required to follow directly.  There's also a bonus question: how come calling the program with no parameters doesn't abort()?  Why would it?  If no options are specified to the program on its command line then  returns -1 on the first call, and the loop body is never executed.  To get an  from your code, you would need to specify an option that is in the option string, but for which you do not provide a specific case, or else an option that requires an argument, but without providing the argument (in which event  returns , for which you do not provide a specific case).  As the code is presently written, that would need to be , either with or without an argument, or  without an argument.",,0,892,0,0,1,1
1573,Gnuplot - plot from right to left,"I want to plot a graph with gnuplot and the idea is that I will have a dataset, which I will plot form left to right and after that, plot the same data multiplied by 1.3 or something from right to left and once more plot the original data multiplied by 0.7 again from left to right. This is my working code for the first plot from left to right, but I have no idea how to make it plot the remaning two. Variable DATA is the data file.  Can you please give me some hints ? Thank you very much","The code below only represents the outline of my suggested approach; I'll leave it up to you to fill in the missing blanks  I suggest to create a function  which will be called 3 times with the appropriate parameters for multiplication factor, plot direction (1 = left to right; -1 = right to left), and input filename (just in case you need to reuse the plot routine for different files later on).  is being used to do the multiplications, as well as the data output in normal and reverse orders. You'll need to change the  statements in the  section to print your desired  headers. ",,0,220,0,0,1,1
1574,Lync sdk work with Asterisk?,I have a requirement to develop a VoIP client with wpf/silverlight. I heard that Microsoft Lync is a good option but I would like to use the developed application against Asterisk server (VoIP server) instead of Lync 2010 server.  I already have an application developed with Microsoft UCCAPI which works fine with Asterisk server. so I want to know whether Lync sdk supports the same,I think only Lync server supports SIP.,,1,659,0,0,0,0
1575,Using variables for start/end with the list template tag,"I'm using the Play Framework and have a question about templates: I want to use list as a for loop with from and to variables:   Both results.startPage and results.endPage have valid values. I don't  receive an error message, however no output is displayed. What am I  doing wrong?  Thanks ","EDIT: After spending the time writing a big answer, there is a bug in your code! In your #list tag, you should have , and not . Your code should read.  For those interested in how the Groovy Range variable works, below is a description, rather than me delete the long answer! I think you are using the range method in the wrong way. The Groovy Range construct for the for loop, allows you to loop from one value to another value. This is generally a integer or a string, and not a List. So, if you do the following, it will print 0 to 10  However, the values can be set in your controller. So if you want to use a  and  variable set in your controller (assume they are set to 0 and 10), you can do the following.  My controller to test that construct is as follows, and it works fine.  This will print the same 0 to 10. Even if I send these variables through encapsulated in a class, it still works fine.  Are you sure that  and  are integer values?",,0,312,0,0,1,1
1576,Overlay image on top of button,"Here is my unanswered question: Add new item count to icon on button - Android Basically I want to display ""new"" counts on top. I see it as overlaying some view over existing button. How this can be done? ","Ok here is what i'd do: Create a custom control that extends button.  I'm not going to do the pretty graphics for you but this will give you the basic idea:  Clean up the sizing of your text you draw, the circle positioning (and add a border etc) and you have a custom control.  You could further extend it so you could set the background in xml or dynamically and you have a reusable control with a number counter in a circle. then in your code you could do:  the invalidate will redraw the image with the new value in the circle. I used a button in the event you want to have it clickable easily and all that - but you could just as easily extend view if you are just doing a view.",,0,4286,0,0,0,1
1577,Glassfish 3.1 CREDENTIAL_ERROR in Eclipse,"I can't start Glassfish 3.1 on Eclipse Indigo with ""Oracle Glassfish Server Tools"" plugin on Windows 7. After installing the plugin, I've chosen ""New"" -> ""Server"" in the server view and clicked on GlassFish 3.1 and downloaded the installation through Eclipse. Every time I try to start it, I've the following message:  I've found out that the initial password is 'changeit' and I've changed it to my own, on the command line:  I've changed it accordingly in GlasshFish 3.1 configuration screen within Eclipse in the section Application Server (Admin Password). The ports listed (8080, 4848) seems compatible with domain.xml configuration:  However, in my .log I find the following:  So it seems that the error message shown in the interface is misleading, it should be a connection problem, not password problem, as far as I understand. Anyone knows how to solve this problem?","After disabling ZoneAlarm firewall I could successfully start GlassFish on Windows. However, I then started to have many kind of unrelated and annoying problems and as Mico suggested, I switched back using Linux, which is my usual development platform, and everything went fine. To document the process:  with Eclipse Indigo, GlassFish connector is not present by default. In WTP's server tab, right click and choose New -> Server and click on the link ""Download additional server adapters"", choose GlassFish and press Next, accept the license and Finish. This time I downloaded GlassFish myself from http://glassfish.java.net/ and choose the open source edition full platform for Unix in the flavour of .sh file. On the command line I moved the archive in the parent folder where I wanted it installed and called ""sh glassfish-3.1.1-unix.sh"", which brings up a graphical configuration. I choose Typical configuration. If you choose the auto upgrade option, be prepared to wait several minutes. It's a known bug since 3.0.1, that seems they preferred to document, rather than fix it. It's not necessary to follow the advice to cancel the install, just grab a coffee or read some news, it will get through. Once GlassFish is installed, in Eclipse server tab, choose New -> Server and choose ""GlassFish"" -> ""GlassFish Server Open Source Edition 4 (Java EE 6)"", browse domain1 directory of Glassfish, leave admin password blank.  At this point it's possible to deploy projects on Glassfish, just like I used to do in Tomcat. In my first day experience, hot redeployment sort of work, but not always, quite often a server stop + start has been necessary.",3.0,8,23678,1,0,1,0
1578,CSS forms (for relative newbie) or methodology easy to implement alongside jQuery and ASP Classic,"I'm having one of those procrastination overstimulated panic attacks about choosing a method of doing forms in CSS that work well alongside JQuery (on Classic ASP or .NET) and are accessible. I've been hit with the accessibility/compliance thing pretty hard now, so I'm terrified of making the wrong choice. I've got to produce prototypes here soon and I'm freaking. I've done some CSS layout and debugging, but haven't really done much with DIV and FLOAT with forms that are more than one field (not like phone or zip).","If you are interested in accessible forms, have a look at these two sites: http://www.jimthatcher.com/webcourse8.htm http://www.alistapart.com/articles/prettyaccessibleforms Basically, you want to do the following, where possible...  include a  on each ... helpful for screenreaders include a  on each ... also helpful for screenreaders use  and  in close relation to each other (side by side or one on top of the other) make sure that users can tab through the form, that is, they do not need a keyboard to navigate ensure that your css allows for elements to show focus when they receive focus.  Also, a bit of client-side (e.g., javascript) validation is also very helpful. You may want to check out some of the HTML5 form improvements too, which also help with accessibility. http://diveintohtml5.ep.io/forms.html ",,0,59,1,0,0,1
1579,Jquery: Select two equal numbers on two different places and then apply css background yellow,"i have a table, inside of it here is a tr that has a td which contains ""4a.Contrata"". That same tr has a td with a price like ""$125.45"" and that price is the same number as ANOTHER td that is inside the table.  What i want to do is add a css background yellow to those equal two prices.  Right now all im doing is adding a yellow background to the tr where ""4a.contrata"" is. Here is the html of the description i made before, basically im trying to add yellow background to $162,87 (this number varies so i need to ""select"" this) both the price that is inside the table and the one that is right next to ""4a.Contrata"" http://jsfiddle.net/GBqWu/4/ The price will change not only the number but the position. The logic i need toe express is: If a td is the same as the td that is inside the tr that contains 4a.Contrata then apply yellow background","For what it's worth, here's a simpler method: ",,1,108,1,0,0,1
1580,"jQuery list, styling <li> fields","I want to do a listing with  elements and when I click on one of those  s then change the background of the  element and if I click on another than change the other 's background and return the other 's background to the original color. Something like this:  and when I click on option 1 highlight its background or put a border, and wen I click on option 2 then return the first divs propietes and change the option 2's background color.",Try this:  }); Working demo,,1,101,1,0,1,1
1581,Dojo lightbox problem,"I made a custom basic lightbox with Dojo to be used with forms and data. Not really dealing with images or such. The problem that I seem to be facing is this. When Dojo makes a call via AJAX to ajaxtb.php with specific code for example; ?f=login or ?f=register the page is loaded. When you I close the lightbox and try to view something different say ?f=stuff the lightbox will show what ever was before it be it ?f=login or what ever, it will show it until ?f=stuff is fully loaded. Here is the code for the lightbox, also can some one tell me how to optimize it since its pretty redundant at the moment and very basic.  The functions responsible for closing everything is qpbox-close and qpbox-stay. Technically both only hide the lightbox not close. The other problem is with qpbox-stay. qpbox-stay id is located in ajax.php?f=logout and when clicked it does not close the lightbox so not sure whats the problem with it. here is the code for ajax.php  Thanks","You can use  before showing the lightbox to delete all the contents. Also, you can refactor your code quite a bit. Both click handlers do basically the same thing. So why not refactor them in a function?  You can try and connect to  after you've loaded the content, or if using Dojo 1.6, you can use  like:  That will connect to  which is already loaded, but work for  only. It works with event bubbling, similar to . See http://davidwalsh.name/delegate-event",,0,834,2,0,1,1
1582,VB.NET Object reference not set to an instance of an object,"I wrote an ASPX file in VB.NET. Originally this file ran successfully but after adding one additional parameter it now fails on ""Object reference not set to an instance of an object"" on line ""peType.DataSource = arrPEType"" below. This error does not make sense to me though because I have similar parameter, 'dType', which it does not error on. What is the cause of this error? Here is some of my ASPX code file: ","You're not instantiating your ListBox, your simply declaring it.  ...should be...  Although the error may appear to be vague, it's telling you the exact problem.  Your object, peType, is not set to an instance of an object.",,0,1902,2,0,1,1
1583,Customising iPhone App Interface,"I am building a basic app interface which will have a mixture of text, inputfields and buttons. In order to get a working version for project deadline, I thought I would use the default Interface Builder (IB) components for the first iterations and then if there is suffiecient time, I would like to 'jazz up' the interface by adding customised components.. How easy is it to swap over IB components with customised ones at a later stage?","It depends on what you mean exactly by swap over IB components, but in general I would say that IB has full support for customization of your UI within its own conceptual framework. On the other hand, it is pretty obvious that defining your UI programmatically will give you all the customization possibilities you might think of. In a sense, you can see IB as a way to declare graphically the elements of your UI, their relationships, and have them automatically instantiated for you when the IB xib file is loaded. This is a very flexible mechanism in itself and allows you plenty of possibilities. Say, for example, that you have a button somewhere in your IB view. In a first release, you could set the class of that button to a plain ; later, you simply specify that that button class is actually a  and you have it, your UI will use your custom button without you having to change much of code (maybe one line or two apart from the custom button implementation). The same holds true for many other kinds of UI elements. Besides that case, there are classes, like , that I think are better customizable outside of IB (i.e., by specifying the customization, e.g., the custom cell, programmatically). But still in this case, having the interface defined in IB in the first place is not a big hindrance either, and you simply add the code that you need to your program. Anyway, there are some customization that are not easily possible with IB. One example could be having more control on how and when your UI components are allocated; so, say, you are restricted to your xib file to be instantiated all at once, while programmatically you could trick every aspect of that. Or, there might be UI elements that are intrisically better suited for a programmatically definition (say, a scrollable grid of pictures), so IB would not fit the bill, or give little support for that (but you would not be able to define that UI elements with it in the first place).",,0,92,2,0,0,1
1584,Spring Security based authentication for a REST service,"I'm in the process of implementing a REST service with Spring MVC and Spring Security (both 3.0.5). I'm using the security namespace not defining the Spring beans by hand.  I'm having some difficulties with the login process. What I'm trying to achive is this:  a POST to a /login URL would begin the authentication process. There should be no actual form, so I'm not using the form-login... element. Without this element, the UsernamePasswordAuthenticationFilter isn't present on the security chain, so I thought I'd add it via a custom-filter... element and go on from there.  That's the gist of it, not for the questions:   is this a good way to implement authentication? how exactly should I add this filter and on what position in the filter chain? is it enough to add this filter or do I need something else as well?  Any feedback is appreciated.  Thanks. ","In general, if you want to customize your authentication, you should use the bean configuration. I found the namespace based configuration suitable only for demo-apps. Here are my answers to your questions: 1) As I said above, you should use beans. Check this article for more information: http://blog.springsource.com/2010/03/06/behind-the-spring-security-namespace/ But what you are going after will also work, with the requirements you have mentioned so far. 2) It should be added like this:  3) Note that this filter would also perform default redirection to the original request. So if you do not need any redirection and just simple HTTP 200 should be returned back to client, you should implement your own AuthenticationProcessingFilter.   I hope it helps.",1.0,4,4130,2,0,0,1
1585,convert linq to object query to sql query (no linq to sql code or datacontext),How can i convert linq to object query or any other Func delegate to string like sql statements for example  Now myquery is . how can i convert this to simply something like this  how can i achieve this ?? ,Doing something like that is not simple. Have a look at the series of articles Building an IQueryable provider by Matt Warren. All the code he uses is available as a library too. That should help you get started.,,2,1285,2,0,1,0
1586,Optimising Image Sizes in App - iPhone,"I have an iPhone app which contains around 80 PNG format images measuring 300x300 pixels. The app is just under the 10MB threshold. I'd like to add more images to the app but want to keep it under 10MB. Is there anyway I can make the images smaller or some other way of reducing the bundle size ? Thanks, Martin","If you can handle smaller images, you can decreese the size of the current images like so:  I usually put this method in the UIImage+scale.h category.  I am not sure about the optimisation of the png's that would stay in the same size. ",,0,160,2,0,0,1
1587,Injecting a specific model implementation on the fly [Robotlegs],"Is model injection on the fly possible? In other words, if I ask for a model of the type IPhotoModel, I should get one of its implementations based on the current state of the view. If I am looking at a UserPage, I should get a user-specific implementation of that model. If I am looking at a LocationPage, I should get a location-specific implementation. Currently, the only way that I see is introducing a command that specifies the model mapping, with a concrete one based on the current view state ... something like... injector.mapValue(IPhotoViewModel, injector.getInstance(UserPhotoViewModel)) or injector.mapValue(IPhotoViewModel, injector.getInstance(LocationPhotoViewModel)) is this the best way possible? I do not really want to introduce much coupling logic outside of the context, but ...","That's how I do it, and I believe that this is the recommended way.  In fact, I think that many advanced RobotLegs users will break out most of the mappings into Commands for convenience, reuse, and to make it easier to read the program--even if the Command is only run once at startup.  I've used it for things like swapping out mock services for real services--the Command that maps the dependencies is different, but everything else is the same. I don't see this as ""that much"" coupling logic.  The Command is merely setting up the program based on current Application state.  There's not really that much difference between using a Command to change Injector state vs your own custom Model state. You may even find that you can reuse your injection mapping Commands across Applications, whereas you might not be able to reuse the entire Context. HTH; Amy",,0,215,2,0,0,0
1588,Template class specialization dependent on constructor arguments?,"I am investigating a problem with C++ class templates. One class template is specialized but the compiler does not always choose to use the specialization. I found that the constructor arguments seem to influence this:  I haven't managed to create a sample that shows the problem because the constructor arguments are pretty complex (and the problem does not occur with simple arguments).  But my question is simply this: Is it possible, that constructor arguments influence the choice of the compiler? How? I am working with Visual C++ 2008. Thanks a lot! ---- EDIT: It seems like we have identified the problem: If the template specialization was not part of all the translation units in the static library that we build, the problem occurs. But it disappears, if there are no other translation units. I found http://codeidol.com/cpp/cpp-templates/Instantiation/Implementation-Schemes/ and it seems to me that with the Greedy Implementation the phenomena we observed can be explained. Does anybody know which implementation schemes are actually used by MSVC and GCC?"," But my question is simply this: Is it possible, that constructor   arguments influence the choice of the compiler? How?  No, because you are telling it which type you want to use :    is always creating objects of the specialized type.",,1,262,2,0,1,1
1589,UILongPressGestureRecognizer recognize only when moving my finger,i try to use UILongPressGestureRecognizer in my App and the problem is that this function call only when i move my finger a little bit. this is the code i am using :  ,"Your UILongPressGestureRecognizer has been created with the bare minimum of configuration information. At a minimum you should look into setting these properties:  minimumPressDuration allowableMovement  And in special cases you can also set:  numberOfTouchesRequired numberOfTapsRequired  In your case I think you want to set the allowableMovement to 0, the default value is 10 (pixels). You can read more from the class reference I linked.",,2,1683,2,0,1,0
1590,Rails - What is right way to do a show page for a nested resource,"since I am only going to be showing that one item, do I just have (example)  /the_thing/23  or do I still go with the  I know I need to appropriately nest and have associations for forms and using nested routes for links, but for a show page is my link to it nested or not?  i.e. should I still show it within the context of its master or just on it's own.  In this case the resource cannot be updated without the nesting i.e. on it's own. Will a main intent be to show links back to the group? This question is ONLY about the show page.","This is just a matter of choice, you can even create both routes depending on the context. You should just ask yourself if it makes more sense for the user to see one url or the other: it's sheer user experience here.",,0,65,2,0,1,0
1591,renaming a variable name in php at runtime,"I am trying to convert an xml document into an associative array. I want the name of the array to be the root node in the xml document. I get this information by  . I thought of creating an empty array using this statement, but it does not work.  Other way should be creating a temp variable and renaming it with . Is there a way I can do this in PHP? ",You can create it this way:  You may also wish to validate the name to ensure it meets PHP variable name standards to avoid a runtime error.,,0,674,3,0,1,1
1592,How to mention other field as Foreign Key in Django Model,In my model i have  Now in my Author model i want to set up  as Foreign key not  Is this possible,.,,1,385,3,0,1,1
1593,How does the OS know how much to increment different pointers?,"With a 32-bit OS, we know that the pointer size is 4 bytes, so  is 4 and  is 4, etc. We also know that when you increment a , the byte address (offset) changes by ; when you increment an , the byte address changes by . My question is:  How does the OS know how much to increment the byte address for ?  ","The compiler only knows how to increment a pointer of type  if it knows the size of , which is the case if and only if the complete definition of  is known to the compiler at this point. For example, if we have:  Then you are allowed to do this:  but you are not allowed to do this:  ..since  is a complete type, but  is an incomplete type. The error given by  for the line  is: ",,0,184,3,0,1,1
1594,How can I detect if an object I have is really an NSProxy?,"I'm poking around a bit in some of the more suspicious objects apple APIs hand out to me, (like mutableArrayValueForKeyPath) and it got me wondering how often apple gives me what I believe to be a certain object, but is really just an NSProxy, which is secretly also notifying other objects, or filtering my messages. Is there a way to tell if an object is a subclass of NSProxy? It seems like they are pretty good at exactly imitating whatever they represent.","To tell if it's an  or not, use , see the reference. But note also that Apple uses many other internal magics, not just . For example, to implement KVC/KVO, they often create an anonymous class which lies about its own class, insert it into the class hierarchy, and change an object's identity. See e.g. a nice discussion by Mike Ash at this Friday Q&A article.  (You should definitely read this blog if you're curious about Objective-C runtime, by the way.) As written there, the most robust way to reveal the true identity of an object is to use the runtime, see here.   gives you the true class. Note that an object can lie what it is by re-implementing !",,2,405,3,0,0,1
1595,question on JMS receive()/MessageListener precedence,"If I set a  object for a , and then call  on that consumer, what will happen? Will the provider give the message to , or will it continue to be blocked while the message is processed by the  object?","You will get an exception, as a Session must be in either asynchronous or synchronous modes. From 4.4.6 of the JMS specification  One consequence of the session’s single-thread-of-control restriction is that a   session with message listeners cannot also be used to synchronously receive   messages. Either the session is dedicated to the thread of control used for   delivery to message listeners or it is dedicated to a thread of control initiated   by client code. It is erroneous to attempt to combine both in the same session. ",,1,1360,3,0,1,0
1596,IllegalStateException with android MediaRecorder,"I'm learning how to program the video camera in android and wrote a very basic program (XML with SurfaceView and two buttons, one to start, one to stop video recording). Video Preview works fine, but after clicking the start_video button I'm getting an IllegalStateException in line 71 :  . I can't understand why this line is throwing this exception while the former line for example, does not.  Any hints? Thanks. ",From the documentation for :  It seems like you have not yet called  before you try to .  Try setting the video source and see if that solves your problem.,,2,3542,3,0,1,1
1597,Android: Sending a byte[] array via Http POST,"I am able to do a POST of a parameters string. I use the following code:  However, I need to do a POST of binary data (which is in form of byte[]).   Not sure how to change the above code to implement it. Could anyone please help me with this?",These links might be helpful:  Android httpclient file upload data corruption and timeout issues http://getablogger.blogspot.com/2008/01/android-how-to-post-file-to-php-server.html http://forum.springsource.org/showthread.php?108546-How-do-I-post-a-byte-array ,5.0,11,41601,4,0,1,0
1598,Global variables in Apache Server,"I'm writing some apache (2.2) modules in C and I'm pretty new at it, so I was wondering: I need to know if it's possible to create a global variable that will be initiated whenever the apache server starts to run. See, I need to have a list of host names (that will be ""privileged""), so that every request I get, I need to check if the host name appears in the list (to check if it's ""previleged""). So the list should be global (so that every server instance will have the same instance of the list), and I need to initialize it at the beginning. How do I do that, if it's at all possible? Thanks!","Although not a complete answer, I did manage to find a way to have global variables. I used the  and  methods with the process's global pools (pconf and pool). For further reference: http://apr.apache.org/docs/apr/0.9/group_apr_pools.html Examples: attach static global data to server process pool  attach malloced heap data to server process pool  Now retrieve the global data: ",,4,2874,4,0,0,1
1599,How to get an image from gallery after application gets killed?,"I am developing an application which contains several fragments representing different screens. One of the fragments represents edit profile screen, where user can change his profile image. One of the options to change an image is to select image from gallery. To do so I use an intent to open a gallery.   Once I open the gallery, my application goes to background and then gets destroyed due to low memory on my phone. This intent is being sent from within edit profile fragment. To maintain application state, I save string representing specific fragment in the Bunble within  inside activity. When the activity is recreated, I check the bundle inside  method and add the right fragment to the activity.   When I open gallery my activity gets destroyed due to the lack of memory on my device. When I chose image from gallery my activity gets recreated and I add the right fragment the way I described above. However I am not sure what happens during activity recreation with the result I get from gallery. I tried  methods, however it does not get triggered.I guess it must be triggered within exact same fragment from which the intent to gallery was sent. My question would be: What happens with image that was requested from gallery and how should I obtain it inside activity that has been recreated? Where can I find the image that was selected from gallery?",Solved problem by moving gallery intent to an activity class. Then  method is being triggered.,,0,169,0,0,1,1
1600,R-Weekly Forecast,"When I use ts <- ts(df, frequency=52, start=c(2007,1)) and then print it, I got results shown below, so instead of 2007.01, 2007.02, 2007.52 ...., I got 2007.000, 2007.019, ....which it gets from 1/52=0.019 which is mathematically correct but not really easy to interpret, is there a way to label it as the date itself just like data frame or at least 2007 wk1, 2007 wk2 ... Time Series: Start = c(2007, 1)  End = c(2014, 11)  Frequency = 52  ", ,1.0,-1,525,0,0,1,1
1601,Apple iOS App Reject: Alamofire IPv6 not Supported,"Recently we submitted the new version of the app for review, it hasbeen rejected  Your app crashes on iPad and iPhone running iOS 9.3.5 connected to an IPv6 network  But i only used the Alamofire 3.4.1 for API Requests, with a domain name (not IP Address), and it is IPv6 Compatible Here is the results of the ipv6-test.com  Our ISPs not Providing IPv6 Only network, to check our app, We followed this procedure to setup the IPv6 in Mac, then it works here, after we submitted the build again, but it again rejected for the same reason Can anybody suggest, how can we troubleshoot the issue/ is any thing wrong in my current environment","We finally found that the issue is not regarding IPv6 or Alamofire, it is working fine - My app crashes in IPAD for the UIAlertController Popover Source Rect not set, after that we resubmitted the app and it is approved These may help someone https://forums.developer.apple.com/message/176301#176301 https://forums.developer.apple.com/message/176303#176303",3.0,3,2609,0,0,0,0
1602,How to compile spec256k1 into a shared object?,I'm trying to use a Ruby wrapper that requires an  file to run. I have the C++ project that I want to compile into the  so I can link to it in Ruby. I don't really know how to do that. Any help would be appreciated.,"The solution was to build the C++ project, and with the resulting object file , run . The resulting  file is the shared object file.",,1,82,0,0,1,1
1603,Can't find manually added records using the search box?,"I'm migrating a webapp using jhipster so I already have a database with a lot of records that have to be in the new application. Once I created the entity I added the records from my old database using:  When I execute the webapp and search for a record in the entity view it doesn't show any old records (only the ones added using the Add button in the webapp). I'm using MySQL for dev and prod, and I selected ElasticSearch when I was generating the app. The entity view shows the table with all the old records, but when I search for one using the search box it doesn't find them. What am I doing wrong? Is that the correct way to insert the data?","using JHipster together with elasticsearch assumes, your app is fully aware of managing its search index. While inserting data on your own, your search index becomes inconsistent to your database, what is obvious. In your case I suggest to install the JHipster elasticsearch reindexer module, which enables you to reindex the search index at any time you want. After reindexing, your old data should also appear in your JHipster application",,0,110,0,0,1,0
1604,Python: How do I continue searching a list for different elements efficiently?,"I have many lists of strings I've scraped and parsed and I would like to find certain strings in these lists using regular expressions. Each string I would like is different, but they appear sequentially in the lists. I.e. The first string I'd like will always appear before the second string, the second will appear before the third string, and so on. However, I can't just use an index because the number of elements in between vary between lists. Ex. say I scraped these strings and stored it in the following lists:   and I would like to grab the elements starting with Name, Location, and House, which may or may not have multiple elements in between. Location will always be after Name and House will always be after Location. Because I'll be repeating this over many lists, I'd like to search using the first regex, then continue searching using the next regex from where I left off, because I know they appear sequentially. Is there a concise way to do that in Python? Right now I currently have a set of for loops, break when there's a match, and then record the index to pass to the next for loop.  If it must be shown: ","a short code that prints your requested fields:  you can replace the ""startswith"" with regex, and ""print"" with any other action.",,0,195,0,0,1,1
1605,php create url from file path,let's say that i have folder called  inside there's  file called  and subfolder called  . sub folder contain  file  my index.php page is  and my sub.php   the output like that  and i need it like that ,Please Try this in your file ,,0,968,0,0,1,1
1606,How to set duration for a ringtone?,I want to set duration of ringtones. For example I want to stop it when it's played for 30 seconds. Do you have any idea how to do that? Because ringtones have no  method or something like that. ,"Use a countDownTimer as:  You can use onTick and onFinish, so cancel the ringtone when timer finishes. Hope this helps!",,0,1247,0,0,1,1
1607,IIS defaults X-Frame-Options Deny every time I publish my website,"I have a website running on IIs 8.5 on Windows 2012. Everytime I use Visual Studio 2015 to publish to this site, X-Frame-Options Deny is added. I need this totally removed. I've found articles like MVC 5 Prevents access to content via Iframe suggesting to use:  However, this does not work. Any suggestions?","I just noticed in IIS that at the server level, it had X-Frame-Options Deny. When I removed this, and republished to the site, X-Frame-Options did not appear. It must have been inheriting from the server setting. ",,0,76,0,0,1,0
1608,Checking CSRF with multiple gunicorn workers in Pyramid,"I'm using Pyramids for my web app, which requires an csrf check for each request. During ajax-calls the csrf-token is set into the header for each request. Everything works fine for 1 thread with 1 worker, but as soon as I enable multiple workers, worker 2 does't know the token from worker 1. How can they share the csrf tokens? Greetings production.ini for gunicorn:  In Pyramid I only set:  My HTML-skeletion has:  And every ajax-request:  Edit: I'm using the default session factory like  Whereby I wanted to use beaker:  Did I missed something while setting up beaker?","I think that I've found a first solution that works. I'm using beaker with an simple and external database like:   I'll post a solution with redis, after some other issues are fixed.",,2,323,0,0,1,1
1609,How to retain the last dragged position of the range slider even on page refresh in javascript,"I am having webpage consisting of a range slider which is having three values 1,2,3 for every value there will be change in image,some phrase now my requirement is on page refresh the range slider is setting to the one I dont want it I want it to restore its last dragged position along with image and phrase even on page refresh My CSS code:  My Html code:  My Js code:  Here I am storing the value in the local storage i.e slidervalue but now I want to retain the last dragged position of the rangeslider along with phrase and image ","Here you go. You just need to call your setter methods on load as well. What I've done is, I've segregated the common code for setting the data separately and called it both on load and on value change. Here's an updated code.  Here's the Updated Pen",,3,50,0,0,1,1
1610,Deserializing JSON string to a non-predefined object in C#,"I have a  JSON response from an API with a number of data. What I actually need is just a few of the items in the result. Is there a way I can deserialize it to a C# object without having to define a class with members to correspond with all the items in the returned JSON.  Or, must I have to define a class that has properties to correspond to all the member elements in the returned JSON? This is a sample of the returned JSON  I have tried the following code   but all the elements in paymentVerificationResponse including chargemessage are all null or 0 My application is running on ASP.Net-Core 3.1 ",The api response is a nested object. You have some options. You can use  and access to a key using . for example for :  Another option is defining a class with the keys that you need and deserializing the JSON using with.  after deserializing you can access the values like this: ,,0,89,0,2,1,1
1611,How do I lookup a value from another table to populate existing table column?,"I have a dataframe called  and one of the variables is . This contains 3 factors (2013, 2014, 2015). I have another column in Deals called  which is currently unpopulated. For example:  I have a small second table called Deflator which contains the values I need for :  How can I look up the values for  from  based on  and ?","This is a typical use of  function as suggested in comments. Since you did not provide a minimal reproducible example I have to prepare a toy example.  At this point you could rename  to  in  (or vice versa) or, as I show below, use  and  to tell  the name of the column in each data frame  output  Now you can rearrange columns if needed.  Please note that you can match rows between data frames with more than one column as identifier using .",0.0,0,39,0,2,1,1
1612,Understanding the Path of SVG Images,"I am currently trying to understand the path function of SVG Images. I took a SVG from Wikipedia (map of the world, but everything is removed except for once little thing). This is the SVG Code:  The only part I am currently interested in is:  From what I understood, you need a command and parameters for the path. So the  would be ""move relative to current cursor pos). The cursor is 0, 0, so it moved 0+481.4, 0+220, but after that there are just coordinates without a command. How are these to be interpreteted? Are these implicit  commands? For better unstanding, I am talking e.g. about  after the move. What does these do?",The answer by @Mehdi is not quite correct. If a command is repeated (ie. the same as the previous one) then it can be omitted.  So for example  can be abbreviated to  The exception is for  and .  In those cases  and  are substituted respectively. So in @Mehdi's example  is actually equivalent to  The definitive source for answers to questions like these is the Paths section of the SVG specification,1.0,0,19,1,0,1,1
1613,Return true if user input matches to predefined string,"I working on search function for projects. I have multiple projects with different titles, description and types. What I need is that the function returns true if the project title, description or type contains characters/words from the user input. E.g. We have 3 projects:  title = 'foo 1', projectType = 'good', description = 'good description' title = 'bar 1', projectType = 'bad', description = 'this is description', title = 'foo bar', projectType = 'neutral', description = 'this is something',  User input is 'foo', returns true for 1. and 3. User input is 'foo this is', return true for 1. 2. and 3. I have so far created following function   The problem in my function seems that it is always working just with the last string provided",Your code overrides your variables on every iteration. You would need to alter your ifs to not run it if there is a match  You can simply it with some ,,0,70,1,1,1,1
1614,Copy PDB with post-build event for Azure Functions project,"I'm struggling to copy files from the bin folder up a level using a post-build command on an Azure Functions V2 project, Core 2.2. I think there are two parts to the problem. At the moment my command targets one specific file, because that's the one I'm having trouble with:   PDB file not available on fresh build When run as a fresh build, the original PDB file for the main project is not available when the copy command is run - robocopy reports file not available. They exist for the dependent projects, possibly because they are already built. So when is the PDB file generated? Is it being made after the post-build command? Is there some target I can put in  get this command to run after rather than ? File is not copied This happens when I run the build a second time, so that the original PDB file does exist. I have a robocopy command (I've tried copy and xcopy as well in my desperation) that works when run manually:  When run as a post-build event, it even reports that the file was copied:  But the file is not there. Is the directory getting cleared at some point after the file copy? As above, my best guess is I need some other  set. This seems like a pretty common thing to do....am I missing something, or is this because it's a Functions project?",Turns out there is a  target (not sure exactly where it comes from) but using that has fixed it  ,,1,97,1,0,1,1
1615,Data not returning correctly,"I am new to typeScript and Angular8 I have the following code that is to get data from a web service. Currently, it returns  but if I add  to the line before the end of the  block, I get the right data, how do I return the correct data  what am I not doing or doing wrong? ","You are hitting a road-block where most developers get stuck when first being introduced to the concept of asynchronous programming and reactive programming. You have some method, , which returns some , which your service subscribes to, and performs the callback for each element this observable emits (you can read more here). The key problem is in this line:  which can be executed before the observable emits a user object. The proper way to tackle this would be to map the observable into the object you want to return, and return the observable itself. It will be the responsibility of the outer service/component to unwrap the observable and handle the asynchronous event. Something like this: ",,0,22,1,0,1,1
1616,Filtering in React.js,I'm fairly new to React and trying to create an App that when you search in the input box it filters out the wrong drivers and only presents you with the correct one. I'm trying to use hooks instead of class components. I have a working project in CodeSandBox: https://codesandbox.io/s/hungry-turing-2n2tj I've looked at some other answers on stack overflow as well as reading the docs that the React Team has but it is all going above my head. Let me know if there is any more documentation that I can provide! Thanks in advance!      ,You are looking for something like this: https://codesandbox.io/s/distracted-frog-d5ocw Basically pass the drivers to the list from the app component and filter it out based on the search term provided by the searchbox component Your App.js:  your cardlist would look like  and searchbox is simply ,,1,31,1,0,0,1
1617,Average a dimension of a chunk (xarray),"Let X be a variable I have stored in multiple files. In each files, X has dimension of (time, depth, latitude, longitude). I wish to do a yearly average, and each file store a year of data. To be efficient, I open the data with . I do not want to average all the time axis, i.e.: . I observe that X store 'chunks' since it gives the 'chunksize', so maybe it can be used to average the time dimension of each chunks?  ", should do the trick as long as  is a datetime64 object.,,0,28,1,0,1,1
1618,Core 1 and 0 of ESP32 not working seperately,"This is my code   The problem is that my blinking LED is not 1 second long, so something is interrupting it (appearantly wifi is because that is the only other thing running). That is weird because every on the internet you look, the Wifi task is pinned to Core 0, and I am running my blink code on Core 1, so that should not be interfering. I cant seem to fix this, could someone help me out? BTW I am using arduino IDE",What does not blinking 1 second long mean? Have you measured the time or could you see it directly? Your LED/Stepper loop is not a loop! If you what the LED to blink more than once:  ,,0,130,1,0,1,1
1619,How can I run a ruby SAX parser in recovery mode?,"I've got a fairly large XML document that I'd like to scrape some information out of.  It's too big to hold in memory, so I thought a SAX parser would be appropriate. Unfortunately, whoever produced the XML doc didn't read the spec closely enough, so it contains some illegal XML entities (like ).  Other than this, though, it's good as far as I can tell. For any libraries that rely on libxml, errors like these will disable future SAX processing unless they are run in recovery mode  However, both  and  seem hard-coded to not run in recovery mode, so once I run into an illegal entity, parsing pretty much stops (the former throws an error, and the latter just stops showing element start/ends). Is there a way I can run one of these (or another SAX parser) in recovery mode?","Ox is another ruby XML parser, but it doesn't use  as a backend.  It compares pretty well to Nokogiri speedwise. And it doesn't give a whit about legit XML entities, making running in recovery mode a non-issue. Adapting the SAX example: ",,3,494,0,0,1,1
1620,How to call a user defined function within EF2 linq to entities?,"Is there a way to call a SQL Server user defined function from LINQ to Entities while using Entity Framework v2? I've found a way to do so using Entity Framework 4 (everything is explained in this blog post, but it appears that the EdmFunctionAttribute class is not available in EF4 :( If it is not possible, what is the best way to write a complex where clause in LINQ to entities? Here is an excerpt of my function to show you how complex it is : ","It seems there is no solution to my problem, so i'm going to encapsulate the whole linq to entities query into a stored procedure, which will be able to call my UDF.",,2,150,0,0,1,0
1621,maximum malloc size,"I work on win7 and need to allocate 2 buffers using malloc ,each of 660M bytes first allocation is OK,the secon buffer allocation fails. I have 670G free mem on disk What is maximum malloc size?And what could be the reason for above problem","The maximum valid  size is that is fit the state of the process heap. The heap can be fragmented (so, e.g. there's a heap with 600M free memory chunk, then 20M used chunk, then 600MB free chunk again - you just can't get 650M, although there are 1.2GB of free memory).  Moreover, AFAIK, Windows mechanism of loading DLL ties every library to a certain address, so the memory may be already fragmented by DLLs.",,0,1631,1,0,0,1
1622,setting the background of a custom tableviewCell,I want to set the background of my customTableViewCell to black. After some searching the most common answer was to do this in my CellForRowAtIndex.  But it didn't helped. Can anybody help me? Thanks in advance !,Do as follows and keep one thing in mind whatever subview you are adding on contentview should have clearcolor.As in my case I have default textLabel so I set it as clear color. ,,0,70,1,0,1,1
1623,Value in TextView doesn't update,"There is the following code from custom AsyncTask:  This code works without exceptions, but setTitle() function doesn't update text in TextView title! In log I can see that title stores ""123"" after executing the last row in setTitle(). But the value doesn't update on the screen! How can I fix it? ","Pass the original reference to the TextView instead of the context to the Activity and then calling setText on the TextView, should work ;-)",,2,570,1,0,1,0
1624,Array.Find is not working as expected,"Help me out here, I must be doing something wrong,  The first example here works fine   but if that was false and my variable turned out to be nothing then it throws and object ref exception, so as a result I wrapped an IF around it, but then it never returns true, and also it doesnt populate the variable, like the one below:  What I need to do is :  Basically I have a num of commandlines arguments I am getting and I need to distiguish what they are each according to their prefix and assign them to the right property , but they are not always going to be there so I wanted to first see if it exist then replace the prefix with nothing, assign it to the property and write it to the log.","It's a bad idea to try to perform assignment within the condition of an  statement.  I suspect you want something like this:  (That's using a local variable... if you want to assign a property, I'd do that within the  block, when you've performed the replacement.)",,0,122,1,0,1,1
1625,count line progressivley of each file in specified folder,I have been able to construct the following however im more after a batch that can add the results up of each file as it goes along dose anybody know how to achieve this?  ,"If I understood your requirement and you want to count how many times (lines count) word ""HELLO"" appears across all files, then  ( suppresses listing of file names, if you want to see them just remove that part) should do the job. ",,0,57,1,0,1,1
1626,How do I place text in Jquery Mobile in alignment with the controls on a form?,"Jquery Mobile nicely lays out controls in a grid. I would the text ""12345678"" outlined in red in the image below to sit right above the textbox and left aligned. I can't see how to do it.  The image was generated with this jsfiddle: http://jsfiddle.net/958Gr/3/","By setting disabled='true' and value=""12345678"" you can get something decent.  The account number will still show as as field, but then you can theme it differently.  See this fiddle: http://jsfiddle.net/den232/7hmYn/ Good Luck! ",,1,129,1,0,0,1
1627,reversing the jquery fade slide panel,"Regarding the post about the jquery fade slide panel (http://stackoverflow.com/q/10061847/1688202). I was wondering if the method could be reserved? So that the content panel will be standard visible and when clicked on disappear. It tried to change some variable in the JQuery code, but I did not manage to successfully do this. The code below has been written by Shef (http://stackoverflow.com/users/645186/shef) SOLVED BY BATMAN  to the CSS, and add the class default to the panel you want to show when you load the page, e.g.   http://jsfiddle.net/nhEn6/ 1. CSS  2. Markup  3. jQuery  ","Just add:  to the CSS, and add the class  to the panel you want to show when you load the page, e.g.  http://jsfiddle.net/nhEn6/",,2,291,1,0,1,1
1628,Use a MsgBox to echo a variable while running the Perl Script Remotely?,"Is this possible? Using VB.net I am executing a remote perl script. I want a MsgBox to appear on my screen, similar to VBScript. I tried just doing Win32::MsgBox(""Test"") but that didn't work. Is it even possible? I am executing the script remotely FROM a Windows system to a Unix system.","You can use text-only replacement like this:  It will select default answer ""y"" or ""n"" if user presses just Enter. It may be not pretty, but gets job done and works under any Perl.",,2,284,1,0,0,1
1629,Change order of activity to open first,"I am working on a project, where i have 4 activities. Each time i run the project, activityA opens first and then other activities, but i want that the MainActivity should open first and then other activities. Where should i define the order of activities to open. Manifest file: ","Define MainActivity as,  and all other activities as,  Launcher Activity is opened first and then the Default Activities.",1.0,3,7287,1,0,1,1
1630,find a data type suitable for my cache,"i want to cache my object in the memory for performance,but also need to recycle them if it's too long not accessed.  every 30 minutes a function would be called , check every cache object , like a file's attributes in windows operation system, each object should have two attributes:last modified time stamp(or a flag) and last accessed time stamp, if the last modified time is great than zero, create a sql for update them in datebase ,and reset the modified time to 0, if the last accessed time  is larger than 30 minutes, then delete them from the cache system. What is the best way to implement them?and is there already a similar system in python so i don't have to reinvent the wheel. ps. no Memcached. the object should be accessed directly, no serialization and deserialization .","Either you create a class with these attributes as attributes, or you just use a dictionary. It's a matter of taste, both works. Having a class gives you the possibility to also make methods like ""is_old"" or ""is_modified"" etc. The same goes for the structure to hold all the data. It's basically a giant dictionary, but you might want to wrap it in a class with methods like ""purge_old"" etc.",,0,41,1,0,0,0
1631,Concurrent access to list: what happens if objects are removed or the list is set to null?,"I have a List with objects List<> my_objects. Several threads can change this list. Let's suppose that I do not have any locking mechanism for controlling the access to the list. What happens, if I'm working with an object of the list and suddenly another thread sets the array to null?  Will a NullPointerException occur? Furthermore, what happens if a second thread removes the considered object from the list while I'm working with it in the first thread? "," That's fine. The variable  holds references to objects, not the objects themselves. When you make a new variable , it holds a second reference to the same object. Then you clear , which means you can't refer to the actual object through  anymore. But that doesn't change the fact that you still have , and you can still refer to the actual object through . (And that in turn implies that the object itself still exists. C# is a garbage-collected language, which, to a first approximation means that objects are guaranteed to stick around until you're done with them. Non-managed C++ is different in this respect, and Objective-C is different in yet a third way. Not that you asked.) Effectively, in this respect, references to  behave just like primitive types like . If I have an array of , and I do  then I can do whatever I want with  (clear it, remove items from it) and that won't change the fact that  still exists. The thing about reference types like , and the reason you got confused enough to ask this question, is that with  both variables ( and ) still refer to the same actual object, so if you mutate the object via , you'll see the effects of that mutation no matter whether you're looking via  or via .",,0,516,1,0,1,1
1632,remove '/n' from code,"So I want to remove the '\n' from the end of all parts of file_string. There is an exception, the last value doesn't seem to have '\n'. Here is my code:  Like I said, all I need is \n removed. Input:  Current output:  What I want: ",Use the  method:  There are also  and  variants if you would like to only strip whitespace off the left or right side.,,1,144,1,0,1,1
1633,500 error page with no information in production.log,I am currently encountering couple of issues with the a rails application deployed on Linode server. The gemfile looks like below :  Apparently there were list of issues with ActiveAdmin in the beginning mostly with activeadmin assets which I finally overcame by debugging the issues. Now the problem is that the assets precompile successfully in development and also in production ( Capistrano Assets Precompile Task) however I am getting a 500 error when accessing the index page even.  The weird part is that there is no error in production log. It just shows that the assets precompiled successfully. I have no idea what exactly is causing this issue. I have been trying to figure this thing out for almost three days now. Have tried literally everything I could to resolve it from the ActiveAdmin issues to stackoverflow and everything but no result. If I revert the code to the last stable one and than deploy everything works perfectly.  I would be very thankful to anybody who can point me to the right direction to fix this thing. Thanks,After spending almost 2 days to fix the issue I used the old version of ActiveAdmin instead of the new latest release and everything worked like a charm. ,,1,497,1,0,1,0
1634,I need to execute some task oriented on some dates. Can i do it with native android api,I need to execute some task oriented on some dates. Can i do it with native android api. And once more question i need to execute ussd request in background mode. Can i do it?,"To execute a task on a certain date you should use alarm manager, which you can take a look at here -   http://developer.android.com/reference/android/app/AlarmManager.html  I am not quite sure what you are asking in the second part of you question, but here is a link on ussds in android  How is it possible to do USSD requests on Android?  If you want to preform this action while you app is not running you would also use the alarm manager for that.",,1,38,1,0,0,0
1635,how can i make a textfield that only accepts letters backspace and spacebar only,i need to have a textfield that does not show anything if the user typed special characters or numbers. i have this Name textfield and i need to narrow it to letters input only. the user can also backspace and shift (by using keypress or keytyped or keyrelease whichever be better)  EDITED.," is your friend in this situation.  DocumentFilter, as the name implies, is a filter for the Document   mutation methods  I would also MDP's Weblog for some excellent examples.",,0,889,2,0,0,1
1636,Microsoft JScript runtime error: [$injector:modulerr] in AngularJS v1.3.0-beta.11,I encountered error of   How can I possibly fix this issue? I am using the latest version of  which is . Here is my  code:  Here is my  code  And here is my  code:  Any suggestions will be a big help. Thanks! UPDATE: change angular js minified version to not Here is the new error prompt: ," solve the issue, i just misplaced the  and move it to the end. Thanks for all the help :-)",0.0,1,2394,0,0,1,1
1637,OpenTK ES 1.1 texture rendering,"I have a method that I use to render little map using tiles, but when I finish rendering and I want to make a translation changing ""transY"" variable using different method nothing happens, so I must call RenderTesture() again to make it. How can I do this withot unnecessary rendering because it can slow down application when I use larger number of tiles?   If anybody have advice for me, I'll be very grateful! Thanks in advance!","The bottleneck lies, most likely, in the amount of state changes () and the amount of draw calls you are making (). In general, you should draw as much as possible in a single draw call. The simplest approach wold be to use a ""texture atlas"":  combine all your tile textures into a single large texture (this is the ""texture atlas"") combine all your tile vertices into a single vertex array call  once to bind the texture atlas call  once to render all tiles  So how do you render different tile textures? Simple: you change the vertex texture coordinates to point to the correct tile inside the texture atlas. A single 1024x1024 can hold 256 distinct 64x64 tiles. Depending on the amount of distinct tiles in your game, you might have to use multiple texture atlases. Moreover, depending on the size of your map, you might wish to split it into ""regions"" with separate vertex arrays for each (you don't want to render 1 million tiles every frame if your monitor can only display 1000 tiles.) On its own, this will give a measurable performance boost. Once this is working, you can get a second large boost by storing your vertex arrays on the GPU via Vertex Buffer Objects (VBOs).",,0,230,0,0,1,1
1638,.htaccess domain-1/directory-x to domain2.directory-y,"How would I, with .htaccess, do the following  So that ""/posts/"" does not become part of the forwarded path? Example, I want  http://www.domain-1.com/posts/2014/06/17/some-post-title To forward to https://www.domain-2.com/articles/2014/06/17/some-post-title Thank you for any help.",You can use: ,,1,9,0,0,1,1
1639,Cannot export kendo grid data to Excel spreadsheet,"I am exporting data from a Kendo Grid. The code in the controller breaks with a error at the foreach loop.   ERROR MESSAGE  Stacktrace:  at   UtilityWebSite.Controllers.ReportsController.Export(DataSourceRequest   request,  ReportsPhoneSupportSearchVM model) in   c:\Users\texas_000\Desktop\UtilityWebSite\UtilityWebSite\Controllers\ReportsController.cs:line   130    at lambda_method(Closure , ControllerBase , Object[] )    at   System.Web.Mvc.ActionMethodDispatcher.Execute(ControllerBase   controller, Object[] parameters)    at   System.Web.Mvc.ReflectedActionDescriptor.Execute(ControllerContext   controllerContext, IDictionary2   parameters)    at   System.Web.Mvc.Async.AsyncControllerActionInvoker.ActionInvocation.InvokeSynchronousActionMethod()   at   System.Web.Mvc.Async.AsyncControllerActionInvoker.b__36(IAsyncResult   asyncResult, ActionInvocation innerInvokeState)    at   System.Web.Mvc.Async.AsyncResultWrapper.WrappedAsyncResult1.End()   at System.Web.Mvc.Async.AsyncResultWrapper.End[TResult](IAsyncResult   asyncResult, Object tag)    at   System.Web.Mvc.Async.AsyncControllerActionInvoker.EndInvokeActionMethod(IAsyncResult   asyncResult)    at   System.Web.Mvc.Async.AsyncControllerActionInvoker.AsyncInvocationWithFilters.b__3c()   at   System.Web.Mvc.Async.AsyncControllerActionInvoker.AsyncInvocationWithFilters.<>c__DisplayClass45.b__3e()  I have searched for possible answers but I am unable to figure out what needs to be changed? The project is setup with LLBL and I am unfamiliar with it. Any help will be great. If you need more information please let me know. thank you ",Got the solution. use this code in the FileExport Action ,,0,903,0,0,1,1
1640,Capturing packet through Ethernet using Pcap,"I am building a GUI to capture packets through Ethernet.  I want pass the received packet in the form of Byte[] and its length through a function for its further processing (to extract various information about Ethernet, IPv4 and UDP protocols). so i want to ask in which format packet is captured by pcapdot.net i.e. byte[] or any other format. ",You can just call the Buffer property of the Packet class. So basically: ,,0,135,0,0,1,1
1641,Calling inherited method form base class,"I have an extended class with an overriden method doSomething(). For some reason the inherited class' method never runs only the base one.  result: do something do something The second one should be ""do something differently"" at least that's what I'm expecting. Can anyone tell me what I'm doing wrong? Thanks","In this case, you need using  (5.3+). Change in parent method  line :  to   You will get:  Read more about this feature here: http://www.php.net/manual/en/language.oop5.late-static-bindings.php",,0,52,1,0,1,1
1642,adding a class in the first iteration of a loop,"I have the following loop to create my carousel, however I need to add the active class on the first iteration only: ",You can do it simply like this: ,,0,337,1,0,1,1
1643,Javascript getbetween function multiple instances," Hello, I have the following the function that I've written that can get a string between two strings for example  Now, what if string had more occurrences to the age, for example if  was  Etc etc.. I was wondering if there was a way to get 30, 20, 50 and whatever other matches in an array",You can use this function:  Output: ,,3,207,1,0,1,1
1644,redirect files to user domain when after user buys a domain,"I have created a e-commerce platform. When a user buys his own domain i want him to redirect his domain, its like bigcommerce and buildabazaar kind. But i am not getting how to do it. Please suggest me on this","This redirection must be done on your buyer domain/hosting side: You need what is called ""Masked domain foraward"" and it is done at the domain registrant control panel. Or you can do a simple frameset forward, just place this code in the index.html on the buyers domain:   This redirect will retain buyers domain in URL but will not give you any sub urls, which means that in URL bar will always be his domain page like http://www.buyersdomain.com even if he clicks trough his app... ",,0,47,0,0,0,1
1645,iPhone: need simplest way to handle iOS navigation,"I have a fairly big app made with all view-controllers connected by storyboard segues, before I realized that navigation buttons is a requirement. I am at a point where I can no longer delete all scenes and start over, nor I can extend the segue approach because its quite overused. I am looking up for small, elegant solution that will allow all my view controllers to have backward navigation. See my scene hierarchy:  Page 1---> Page 2 Page 1---> Page 3 ---> Page 4 Page 3---> Page 5 and so on.  So I should be able to go back from Page 5 to Page 1 backwards. I have about 12 screens as of now. What should I do? Can I safely mess up with storyboard? Or should I add code snippets to my viewDidLoads and so on to handle the stuff? My problem is that when I searched the solution, I found too many approaches including navigation controllers, uinavigationbar, UIBarButtonItem and so on. With each of them, I find it maybe too much for my need, and I need a smaller thing that may just work. All I may need is only back buttons as of now, but with minimal effort - as I am quite tight on deadline :-( Appreciate quick help.","I found the answer from apple docs - basically I needed an approach to handle things (instead of straight code), and here it is:  Initialize navcontroller in appdelegate didFinishLaunchingWithOptions method, with root view controller set to first view controller of the app set appdelegate window's rootviewcontroller = navcontroller  with every 'forward' navigation - use pushViewController along with target view controller there is no need to handle backward navigation - navcontroller takes care of it by default.  Above will also add extra navigation bar on top of every view controller (except the root view controller of the app's delegate).",,0,179,1,0,0,0
1646,Apple Mach-O Linker (id) Error pjsip,"I'm trying to build this SIP application using PJSIP. When I compile I get this error and no idea why or how something is duplicated. I checked the: Build Phases -> Link Binary With Libraries Build Phases -> Compile Sources for duplicates but there isn't any. Here is the error:  I had to cut out some parts of the error since it didn't fit into the question but I believe the most important part is the last part anyways and that's the red error, the rest are warnings. Some help would be greatly appreciated! Edit: ASIDataDecompressor.h:  ASIDataDecompressor.m: ","It's probably due to some funky include or erroneous definition statement about ,  or , but it doesn't seem to be in ASIDataDecompressor. It's necessarily from  or something it includes. Reading the error message shows that only three symbols are duplicated (,  or ) and they always involve . Looking from there where there could be duplicate symbols is your best shot at debugging linker errors.",,0,859,1,0,1,1
1647,WebSocket handshake failure (bad request) in Opera 12,"I'm currently starting work for my bachelor thesis and recently started 'digging' into the use of node.js and webSocket. My webSocket server runs without problems when accessed in Firefox 15.0 and Chrome 21.0.1180.89 m. In Opera 12.02, there seems to be a problem with the client-server handshake. This is what Opera's error console says:  Funny thgough: I can't find this error anywhere in the Dragonfly console's network log. All the fields that are requested when accessing the website (index.html, client.js etc.) are found and served as they should be (HTTP Status code 200 OK). Also, the only status codes that my server returns are 200, 404 and 500, so this looks like it's coming from within webSocket itself. And yes, webSocket IS enabled in Opera...I have no idea what the problem could be  Any help would be really appreciated :) EDIT: This is my code so far so you can see which headers my server sends and how I create webSocket connections with my client.js: server.js:  client.js: ","According to a recent question Opera 12 supports an older, incompatible version of websockets.  This version (Hixie-76) uses a different set of headers in its handshake.  Your server presumably doesn't understand these which explains its 400 error response. If you can afford to wait for Opera to catch up, the easiest 'solution' is to use other browsers for your testing for now.  The hixie protocol drafts are deprecated so Opera is bound to upgrade to RFC 6455 eventually.",,0,2574,1,0,1,0
1648,Adding bullets and decrease xaxis label interval,"Im working with a small app and found out that amChart is pretty nice. But I want to be able to control a couple of things and have not found out how I can do that... First off I want the user to be able to see bullets for each datavalue, second I need to decrease the xaxis labels. I want to show all the bullets, lets say of 25 items I only want to show 1,5,10,15,20 and 25. ","If you haven't done much work on it till now, you can consider Visifire. Even msdn provides sample code for charts using their libraries.  I haven't used the amCharts but instead using the visifire charts. See the gallery images here. It helped me in my applications. I hope it helps you too.",,0,231,1,0,1,0
1649,Titanium build issue: Error: Traceback (most recent call last):," I tried cleaning entire project and also i deleted entire iphone folder in build, still i am getting same error. Also I uninstalled the titanium sdk completely and reinstalled it again, still I am having same build error.","Solved. I was using jQuery in the Webview which was loading a local HTML file. Titanium SDK was trying to compile the entire jQuery to its appropriate Objective-C, then I added the following code to execute jQuery in the webview. ",,0,816,1,0,1,1
1650,iOS: adMob for universal App?,"I am implementing adMob ads into my Universal App. In the www.admob.com, it has two options for ads: one for iPad app and one for iPhone app. My question is that do I have to make to two different ads with two different publisher IDs for my universal app or just make one ads with one publisher ID for my app and then change the ads size inside the code? Thank you","I believe that you can do either. If you want finer level tracking to easily see what's coming in from your iPhone version compared to your iPad version you may want to use 2 ID's, but using just a universal one that you change in code should work fine.",,4,1228,1,0,0,0
1651,How to Not alter font in webpage after opening a file (pdf or jpg) in ASP.NET C#?," Possible Duplicate: How to not alter font in webpage after opening a pdf in ASP.NET C#?   Previously I posted this question: How to open files from a specific route in ASP-NET c#? in fact, I have already asked this however it was only a minor question so I guess it wasn't that important in the previous post, so I will ask here. Whenever I open a pdf with:  All of the font in the page is altered, example, the letter's size increases and some of the letter's colors are switched to black instead of the font that I assigned. Is there a way that I can work around that?? http://imageshack.us/a/img838/5145/beforeja.png http://imageshack.us/a/img546/4760/afterw.png Oh and I noticed that this also happens when you open images like jpg","I'm not sure writing directly with Response.Write is the best solution in this particular case.  My memory is vauge on this but it seems that I tried (a long time ago) writing directly to the output via Response.Write and ran into some odd behavior like you described.  The other SO members should be able to better elaborate why this happens but I think it has a bit to do with where you are in the page lifecycle and IIS Stream as to whether or not Response.Write will achive the desired behavior.  If you want to push files out directly to the client, you might consider MVC.  MVC makes it much easier to push a file out directly to the client by way of the FilePathResult Class.  You can mix and match MVC and WebForms if you like.  Scott Hansleman shows how to do this here.   If, however, you want to stick with WebForms, then here is a simple page I have thrown together to show how you can use RegisterStartupScript to open either of two local PDFs by clicking the respective button: ASPX:  Code Behind: ",,0,128,1,0,1,1
1652,putting a text code instead of a symbol in XML,"Is there a way to put text code instead of the symbol?? For examlple, a text code of ""『"" is 300E. I want to put the text code""300E"" with the other symbols in XML below.  ", but needs to be outside of CDATA sections.,,0,64,1,0,1,1
1653,ModX Revo: friendly URLs not working,This seems to be a common issue but I have tried all the suggestions and none work. The issue is when I turn on Friendly URLs in ModX Revo all my links get broken (404s). The URLS do appear correct with the alias after them. Heres what I've tried:  Changing ht.access to .htaccess  Ensuring the correct path is present in  in the confic.inc.php file Ensuring all FURL settings in System Settings are ok and correct Clearing browser and ModX caches  If anyone can suggest something I've missed that would be great! Thanks,OK I set FURL Lowercase Alias's to 'No' in the ModX System Settings and it now works... I do not know why but there you have it... Perhaps this is because I specified the Resources Alias' before I turned FURLs on and thus they did not actually convert them to lower case,1.0,0,5265,1,0,1,0
1654,How to define multiple paths in java.library.path on tomcat 7,how can you define multiple paths e.g.  C:\tomcat\jnilib d:\bar  as value to the java.library.path option on a tomcat 7 server. I am working on windows so I guessed this should work   But my webapplication in the tomcat server does not find the necessary dlls which are in the folder d:\bar. If I place the them into the jnilib folder and remove the second path in the java.library.path then the webapp finds the dlls.,"I'm not sure if that will solve your problem, but I've seen examples where it was formatted with double quotes and spaces between entries, e.g.: ",,1,4489,1,0,1,1
1655,Calling an external class object from function on main class,"I am writing a program that keeps track of different transactions done over time. I have a main class, and also another class named  . I have a main class formatted this way.   This is my CheckingAccount.java  So the lines I can't get to work are  and  inside the functions on my main class. What I'm trying to do is to call the the methods I created (, and ) in my class, from functions that I created on my main class (, and ). But I cannot get it to run, I keep running with these error messages.  non-static method setBalance(double,int,double,boolean) cannot be referenced from a static context           CheckingAccount.setBalance(trAm,tCode,curCharge,monthCh); ","You are calling your  through classname which is wrong....  method is non-static, so it is defined to specific instance of the class, not for a class..  You need to create an instance of  to call the method.. Secondly, in your  of  class, you haven't passed any argument for , but you are setting one with an unknown variable.. You will get a compiler error there..  Either you need to initialize your  with a fixed value or, you can pass it as an argument from main.. And change your constructor as below..  Then from main, call it like this: -  ",,1,10998,1,0,1,1
1656,Select Box to sort a Table in Rails,"I am fairly new to the Rails world, and I have been stuck on this problem for a while. I am using Twitter Bootstrap for my framework, and I am trying to build a basic website with a table sorted/filtered by a Select Box. I have the table created, but I am unable to get a Select Box to filter it. I have tried several things, including the DataTables gem, which did not work correctly. I don't know what I would need to use in order to make this work. If you could just walk me through a basic website with a table sorted/filtered by a Select Box, that would be awesome.","I figured it out by following this tutorial, but I had to make some changes to make it work for me because I wanted select boxes.  http://railscasts.com/episodes/240-search-sort-paginate-with-ajax?view=asciicast Here is my new code: index.html.erb  _article.html.erb  articles_controller.rb  articles.rb  So to start off, I created the table with its contents rendered by a partial, just like in the episode. I then created two select boxes and gave them names. One was state_search and the other city_search. Then, I went into articles.rb and defined those names. This is the same thing done in the railscasts episode, except I replaced the names with mine. Next, I went into articles_controller.rb and added the two searches to it, just like in the railscasts episode. After doing that, the two select boxes worked perfectly and sorted/filtered the table.  Thanks",0.0,0,1303,1,0,0,1
1657,Pagination for a query,I have this functions to get all rows from anunturi table with ajax.  } I need a solution to paginate this query. If is possible I need to be paginated with ajax and php. Thanks in advance....,"I won't write the ready code not to encourage spoon-feeding but can show you the way. First thing to do is defining page variable and set it to a default number (1 for the first page for example). Then, you should find out how many pages there are by counting the records and dividing it to the number of posts you want to show on each page. By having the page count variable, now you should be able to display page number links on the page. Each page link should go to same original page, with a get variable like /example.php?page=2 The next step is to call only the related records from database. Lets say page is 4 and you show 10 records on each page. For this case, you should pass first 30 records and call only 10 records. You can do this easily with limit and offset.",,-1,102,0,0,1,0
1658,SQL Finding two duplicated strings,"I want to know if I can find any duplicated rows in such table via query Like I have table named _stackoverflow with   so as you can see, stack 1 got 4x duplicated rows ""1"" I want to export the duplicated rows in query order to print me the whole line ONLY if there's smth duplicated. dunno how to explain in proper way. :( I apologize for the mess.  Thanks, ahmed.",I understood that you want to get all the rows where column stack1 is duplicated. Try  See  http://sqlfiddle.com/#!2/87876/4 Explanations: The subquery between parentheses determines the rows with duplicated stack1 column. The result of this subquery is the joined with the original table to grab the entire rows.,,-1,49,0,0,1,1
1659,ImageButton doesn't work in class,"I'm a new android developer, I use a  in my application and I added some Image in background. Everything looks good in layer but when I want to use it in some class and use the code below it;s going to force close. ", and  are different from each other.  You have to use  instead of . ,,1,53,0,0,1,1
1660,Pass PHP array through xhr request,"I'm wondering how I can pass a PHP form array through a XHR request. I'm building an RESTful API for processing Symfony2 forms. Some form elements have to be filled in with creepy data like:  My question is, how I can send this through a XHR request in a JS library.  The problem here is, that the first data value  will be overriden by the second value. Has anyone a solution for this? Greetings, --Marc","Since  passed to  will be transformed to urlencoded POST data, try using JavaScript object structure:  If the API does not handle multiple levels of object/arrays, you can still use your attempt, but add numerical indexes to an array: ",,2,652,0,0,1,1
1661,Sharing common 3rd party library for multiple projects,"I would like to keep all common libraries (i.e. doctrine, twig, symphony .. ) outside the vendor directory and load them in my project. The goal is to keep the project related files in the project directory and keep the vendor directory or the common libraries outside the project to make project thinner so that all projects can share the same resource from a common location. Does symfony2 support this?","Can you make some links on your server? By making symbolic links, you can use several folders for your project, and in each one make a symbolic link in order to use a common  folder.",1.0,1,154,0,0,0,1
1662,Binding Sampledata WindowsPhone,"I have a simple class with a property List Photos. You know by default in many sample of code you find a sampledata. Each time, it presents a simple property as a string. This sampledata is used to populate the designer and you can see the render without to compile. So I try to find a way to have a sampledata with a List filled.  I try to use the functionnality from Blend permitting to generate data but it doesn't work with List. You can see below the code generate. It miss the property List. And I don't find any documentation explaning clearly the binding in details.  My assumption is I need to add something as    But it's not the correct syntax. Can you provide an help to solve it. This topic is link to the subject Databinding List<Object> WindowsPhone Best regards, Alexandre",Read working with Design and Runtime Data for Windows Phone.,,0,192,0,0,1,0
1663,trigger functions when event doesn't work,http://jsfiddle.net/hYarj/1/ I try to test something but end up with unknown error  the click event did not fire..,"In your fiddle I don't sees any  use '$('button').click(..)` like,  Demo",0.0,-1,41,0,0,1,1
1664,use load balancing with wso2esb,"I use From Wso2 esb And Load Balancing Concept with sevices, but i have an error this is my code:  and this is my sequence:  when use load balancing one of services return value 0 and other return correct value        ","i found my problem was in define endpoint kr and mt that wasnt correct  my parameters in multiservice should be compatible with source parameters in mt was named ""z""  but parameters in kr was named ""a"" ",,0,102,0,0,1,1
1665,"Cocos2dx 2.1.4 Game, Continuos FPS drop and never recovers","I am creating a game using cocos2dx 2.1.4. Its FPS drops continuously , and never recover. Please find the details as follows Background about the way I am doing things:- Its game about scrolling down some shapes, each shape is made up of some square blocks.I have 7 kind of blocks. All loaded in a Sprite Sheet and using these blocks from this sprite sheet I create a shape. A level file is consist of these shapes. I load two levels at the same time one onscreen and another off screen to make it seamless scrolling. For loading two levels at the same time I used two different CCSprite game batch nodes as :-  The problem I am facing is that as I keep on playing the game frame rate drops continuously , from 60 fps till 10 fps and never recovers or might recover in near future , as I observed for 20 minutes but its too much time to wait. My observations:- 1> I used Time profiler it shows maximum time is in draw()  calls. Also if I play game very fast the peak of time increases  in track, that should be fine as I am giving more work to do, but once a peak is attained it remains approximately at that height only, even if I leave the game Idle. Is it normal ? According to me it should have returned to its normal peak once the current work is done. 2> Some where I thought its happening because I used two batch nodes and removing its children on a user touch immediately might causing it slow but then after removing the children it should run normal. to give an idea is it ok to remove 10 children from batch node immediately ? some guys say its very slow process. Just to check if this causing problem , I did :- Instead of removing them I just set visibility of the children to false.But still FPS drops and never recovers. Please share your thoughts on this.","Just found that with every touch, I am adding 8 new sprites to the layer, and its adding every time I touch . So with time I am giving more and more work to do. This is the problem Actually I wanted to replace the sprite at 8 places with a touch, the way I was doing every time :-  It was causing this sprite to be added with every touch. but it should have been (Replace the texture instead of creating the Sprite again):- ",,0,522,0,0,1,1
1666,Determine whether a type is used in an assembly,"Assume for a moment I have an arbitrary managed assembly called . How can I determine whether a type, say XmlSerializer, is being used anywhere in the assembly?  In essence, I'd like to verify compiled assemblies against predefined polices. In the case of XmlSerializer, I want to verify whether there is an assembly . Another use case may prohibit the use of certain types, say BCL to deal with MD5, or the use of System.IO types, like File or Directory.  In case you wonder why such policies may exist, well, in a highly regulated or secure environment, any data at rest should be encrypted. The use of weak cryptography algorithms is not permitted.  ","You want to use Code Access Security Policy I think. It's old-school but as far as I know, it works. http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ff648243.aspx",1.0,-1,60,0,0,1,0
1667,Create List of Control Groups in VB.Net?,"I'm building an control interface for a system that consists of 1-4 modules.  In my interface, each module has its own control set, grouped in a groupbox.  I only want to show the control groups for the modules that are actually connected and hide the rest. This is easy to do with the visble property. I also want all of the groups to be stacked vertically in the UI such that when one is hidden, the rest below it shift up into its place as if you deleted a row in a table.  It needs to be able to come back just as easily. How can I do this or something similar in VB.Net?",The FlowLayoutPanel control does this automatically.  Just put the group boxes inside of it.,,0,656,0,0,0,0
1668,Shortening a repeating sequence in a string,"I have built a blog platform in VB.NET where the audience are very young, and for some reason like to express their commitment by repeating sequences of characters in their comments. Examples: Hi!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! <3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3 LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL ..and so on. I don't want to filter this out completely, however, I would like to shorten it down to a maximum of 5 repeating characters or sequences in a row. I have no problem writing a function to handle a single repeating character. But what is the most effective way to filter out a repeating sequence as well? This is what I used earlier for the single repeating characters  Any help would be greatly appreciated","You should be able to recursively use the 'Longest repeated substring problem' to solve this. On the first pass you will get two matching sub-strings, and will need to check if they are contiguous. Then repeat the step for one of the sub-strings. Cut off the algo, if the strings are not contiguous, or if the string size become less than a certain number of characters. Finally, you should be able to keep the last match, and discard the rest. You will need to dig around for an implementation :( Also have a look at this previously asked question: finding long repeated substrings in a massive string",,0,525,0,0,1,0
1669,"Progress bar, c#",I am currently working on a app that has multi web browsers on a tab control with progress bars on them. To save me duplicating code i wanted to create a method where i pass the progress bar name into a function. I have created the following below but i am getting this error. 'string' does not contain a definition for 'Maximum' and no extension method 'Maximum' accepting a first argument of type 'string' could be found (are you missing a using directive or an assembly reference?)   Thanks,I found the solution if anyone else wants to know how to do this. ,,1,3247,0,0,1,1
1670,gdb debugger in xcode doesn't work,"I'm trying to use direct commands to gdb through xcode's console window when the program is paused.  But the (gdb) prompt just accepts the carriage returns, and does nothing.  Has anyone encountered this? I'm on the latest version of Mac OS X (10.6.2) with the XCode 3.2 beta.","This is a bug in the software, or an incompatibility with some setting in my system.  Formatting my laptop and reinstalling the software fixed the problem.",,0,688,0,0,0,0
1671,design question: posting picture via email to our site,I have a site which allows people to post pictures.  I would like to allow people to send an email with an attachment to a specific email address to post the picture to our site and have it associated with the account of the sender. Any ideas on a secure way to do this without asking the user to add a special key to their email - as this is cumbersome? The concern is that the sender email address can be spoofed. ,Why don't you generate a very-difficult-to-guess email address for each user? I think Flickr does something like that: Upload by email.,,0,26,0,0,0,0
1672,how to make inlay controls toggle with jquery?,"i have an image. if you mouseover it, the controls for next img and previous image appear, displayed on the image (moved there via css). if i mouseout the image the controls, shell disappear. the problem is, if i mouseover one of the controls i mouseout the image and the controls disappear :-( how can i handle that? i tryed something like that, but it doesn't do the trick: var control = false;  thanks for helping me the html ... for all with no fantasy :-)  UPDATE  i mean, this does the trick now, but is there a better way? can i optimze those lines?","I'd try one or both of the following:  Wrap both the image and the controls in a , and attach the mouse events to the div instead of the image Try using the  and  events instead of / ",,0,193,0,0,1,1
1673,Magento Product Insert Function,"I need to add a custom option to all products as they get saved. For that I need to find the function that inserts the products into the database, which I'm not able to find. Please, any help would be appreciated. thanx","Magento's EAV system is pretty strung out among several files, so you won't find a single function that accomplishes what you want. If you did go looking for it, and changed it, you would also be changing the same save method that mostly every other object in Magento uses, which is probably not what you want. To do what you want, try setting up an observer/listener on the events that catalog products use when saving, namely  or . That way, you don't have to hack the framework. Hope that helps! Thanks, Joe",1.0,0,1253,0,0,0,1
1674,Utilizing UI abstraction,"When utilizing a UI abstraction, then the data you're displaying is protected from implementation changes in the UI layer. Does/should/can this extend to higher-level things, like for example, display as a tree or a grid? I can't work out how to insulate the abstraction from the higher-level details of how the UI is going to display the data garnered through said abstraction.","You want to start with the Model-View-Controller architecture.  This allows you to insulate, as much as possible, your user interface from data changes.  The Model layer is your data objects.  The View layer is your actual Swing components.  The Controller layer is your listeners.  The Model layer is written independently of the other two, with no knowledge of the classes.  The View layer is written with no knowledge of the Controller layer. If you require more abstraction than that, you can create interfaces for your Model layer so that several different data models can all use the same interface.  This way, it doesn't matter what data you give to the View layer, it just displays it through the use of the interface. Also realize that it's not always possible to do what you're asking.  Sometimes a user interface needs to be written specifically for the data being displayed.  A tree isn't always a tree, and a grid isn't always a grid.  It works well to customize the View layer to match the data being displayed.  This way, you can tailor the functionality specifically to the data being manipulated and create a better interface for your users. Certainly, though, it should be done where it makes sense.  This is where experience and judgment play a big factor.",,2,164,0,0,0,0
1675,HttpClient Post session issue? How do I know if session has been created?,"This is a follow up question of Sending html commands over httpclient android , I have successfully POSTed to the server and recieved 200 code but when I attempt to move to another page it does not recognize that I have logged in. I am wondering if it is a session issue or if i need to follow the redirect after the POST. How would I go about following a redirect? Again any help is greatly appreciated. Here is a simple HttpClient / POST app I created from examples in order to help me quickly test any changes.  } I first press the login button on the UI which gives me the Http/1.1 200 OK response code, but when I press the btnFetch button which sends me to a page in which you must but logged in to access, I get the not logged in page. Any ideas?","After much research and many examples later I have finally managed to login to the site I was attempting. Apparently It was an issue with me not consuming the entity from the response, ie the cookies. I created a simple activity who's main purpose is to GET and POST to the site then spit out the result into LogCat. Perhaps this may help others.  the last log, Log.d(TAG, ""Check for login: "" + Parser.request(response)); prints out the html of the site by going through a parser class, which I used to verify that it was infact a page that required successful login",2.0,1,5497,0,0,1,1
1676,How do I avoid images being displaced?,"I have 3 images with the css style . So they are placed next to each other; it's basically an image slider. The left image is a left arrow, the center images is the picture and the right image is a right arrow. In the beginning, I hide the left arrow with jQuery, and when you push the right arrow I want the left arrow to unhide.  The problem is that when I do that, the picture gets pushed to the right a bit because the width of the left arrow affects the picture. So how can I hide an images without it losing its width so the picture doesn't get shifted?","It sounds like all you need to do is set the  style.  Something like:  Unlike jQuery's  or ,  preserves the layout effects of a node, without showing it.",,1,115,0,0,1,1
1677,Can't correctly rotate cylinder in openGL to desired position,"I've got a little objective-c utility program that renders a convex hull.  (This is to troubleshoot a bug in another program that calculates the convex hull in preparation for spatial statistical analysis).  I'm trying to render a set of triangles, each with an outward-pointing vector.  I can get the triangles without problems, but the vectors are driving me crazy. I'd like the vectors to be simple cylinders.  The problem is that I can't just declare coordinates for where the top and bottom of the cylinders belong in 3D (e.g., like I can for the triangles).  I have to make them and then rotate and translate them from their default position along the z-axis.  I've read a ton about Euler angles, and angle-axis rotations, and quaternions, most of which is relevant, but not directed at what I need:  most people have a set of objects and then need to rotate the object in response to some input.  I need to place the object correctly in the 3D ""scene"". I'm using the Cocoa3DTutorial classes to help me out, and they work great as far as I can tell, but the rotation bit is killing me.   Here is my current effort.  It gives me cylinders that are located correctly, but all point along the z-axis (as in this image:.  We are looking in the -z direction.  The triangle poking out behind is not part of the hull; for testing/debugging.  The orthogonal cylinders are coordinate axes, more or less, and the spheres are to make sure the axes are located correctly, since I have to use rotation to place those cylinders correctly.  And BTW, when I use that algorithm, the out-vectors fail as well, although in a different way, coming out normal to the planes, but all pointing in +z instead of some in -z) from Render3DDocument.m:  (Note that Point3DFloat is basically a vector class, and that a Side (like thisSide) is a set of four Point3DFloats, one for each vertex, and one for a vector that points towards the center of the hull). from C3DTEntity.m:  I added the bit in the above code that uses a single rotation around an axis (the ""if (_rotation.w != 0.0)"" bit), rather than a set of three rotations.  My code is likely the problem, but I can't see how.","The problem appears to be in that glrotatef() expects degrees and I was giving it radians.  In addition, clockwise rotation is taken to be positive, and so the sign of the rotation was wrong.  This is the corrected code:  I can now see that my other program has the inVects wrong (the outVects below are poking through the hull instead of pointing out from each face), and I can now track down that bug in the other program...tomorrow: ",,0,773,0,0,1,1
1678,Build mode is always debug,"I have a ASP.NET application that I am trying to build in release mode, but upon inspection (Assembly Information) it is always showing up in debug mode.  I've also changed the Web.config entry to specify that the compilation mode should not be debug, but still no luck.  Does anyone have any ideas how to get my build into release mode? Edit:  The project is VB.NET.","It looks like the Assembly Information application I had posted above isn't quite working the way I'd expect.  I added code to my AssemblyInfo.vb file and I can see that my assembly is being built in release mode, yet the application is saying it was a debug build.  Perhaps the application works better on an older or newer version of .NET, but it isn't working for me.",,2,3545,0,0,0,0
1679,UIScrollView problem on iPad with Multitasking gestures enabled (iOS 4.3),"I've searched the web and can't find any answer.  I've got a simple UIScrollView with couple of UIImageViews. ScrollView is setup in IB with pagingEnabled = YES then in controller I'm setting up contentSize.  When I try to scroll on iPad with multitasking gestures enabled (with just a slight movement, when i swipe on half of screen everything is ok) ScrollView seems to scroll for couple of pages very fast and then returns to the page that it should scroll to. When I turn off multitasking gestures everything is fine. On iPhone everything is fine too. Anybody got this issue and resolved it? Only thing I'm thinking of is to totally override scrollView gesture recognizers but there must be some simpler way :)",I`ve done some more searching that multitasking gestures are enabled only on devices used for development so probably when they will be available to all this bug will be fixed.,1.0,1,620,0,0,0,0
1680,Problem referencing Folder Path from HTML,"I'm having a problem referencing the location of my track from a jsp.  I've stored the track location in a Database and when i print the path everything looks fine. Am i missing something in my HTML?  My HTML:   My track is stored as ""C:\General\Music\Bellx1 - Flock\Bad Skin Day.mp3"" without the quotes in the DB. Thanks","It has to be a HTTP location, not a local disk file system location. So the  needs to look something like http://example.com/music/foo.mp3 and definitely not C:\music\foo.mp3. Local disk file systems are not going to work due to two reasons:  HTML is sent from webserver to webbrowser and runs at webbrowser. The paths are resolved at the webbrowser, not at the webserver. Your web visitors do not necessarily have exactly this file on their C: disk. They might even not have a C: disk at all (linux users). Even if they have (you would likely be the only one), it won't work on most browsers because of a security restriction to ignore local resources when the HTML page is served over HTTP.  There are several solutions depending on the webserver you're using. Easiest would be to just drop the folder in the public webcontent next to the JSP files. If that is not an option for some reason, your best bet would be to create a servlet which gets an  of it from local disk file system and writes it to the  of the HTTP response. You can find a basic kickoff example in this article.",,0,143,0,0,1,1
1681,Unbounded element infinity symbol shows as rectangle in XMLSpy,"I need to have screenshots of my XSD, and XMLSpy has great-looking and descriptive graphical view of XSD Schema. However, below unbounded elements, it tries to show a little infinity symbol in Arial and fails miserably, displaying small rectangle instead. I've tried changing the font as XMLSpy FAQ suggests, and I've tried using Arial MS with no luck. I suspect that this might have something to do with my default system language, which is Croatian (Eastern European charset). I've tried this both on Windows XP and Windows 7. I could leave small rectangles (which looks unprofessional), I could Photoshop it (but there's a lot of it), but I'd really like to fix this somehow - it's one of those small things that frustrate immensely. P.S. I hope this is viewed as programming related, since Super User is not out of beta yet. P.P.S. On new clean XP installation with same Windows settings it works. Maybe Office screws with Arial when installed?","I have a similar problem and I reported it to Altova. Below is their response: ""Upon checking our issues tracking database I have found that this is a problem which we are already aware of. Consequently I have added your report to the existing bug entry in order to bolster its chances of an early resolution. It currently has the tracking number and title: ""26725 - Infinity symbol replaced by generic box character in Slavic locales"" ..and will appear in the release notes here: http://www.altova.com/Fixed_Defects.html ..when it is addressed. In the meantime the only workaround - which is probably not practicable - is to change the locale in your region settings to ""English"" for example.""",,0,622,1,0,0,0
1682,delete from an array,"I have an array of objects:  Now, if I only have the value of $last, is there a way to delete the entire $row object without specifying each key/value?  (If it helps to understand, if it was a mysql statement it would be something like ""DELETE * FROM $obj WHERE $row->last = 'Thomas' "") thx","You need to know the key. However, if you iterate through the array you can find it.  There may be a terser approach with some of the  functions, but this lays it out.",,1,190,1,0,1,1
1683,page method in base page or master page,Where's the best place to put a page method so that it's available in every page? The page method is called from the client with a jquery $.ajax{...} function: it sends and receives json objects. Should I put this page method in a base page or in the master page? Thanks. ,"It is more consistent to put such logic in a class that derives from System.Web.UI.Page. Every page that should have that logic should derive from your custom class. The MasterPage should be used for containing logic relevant to the UI. Also consider that you may add a page in the future, that should share the same design like the rest of the pages, but not the logic. In that case you would simply derive that page from System.Web.UI.page and use the MasterPage for layout purposes. If you had chosen the MasterPage, you'd either have a page that contains logic it should not, or you'd have to do a rewrite",,0,400,1,0,0,0
1684,System.Threading.ThreadStateException,"I am running a thread like this: instance variable  in contructor  in a method, I start the thread  remoteRequestBackgroundTask  This works the first time I run the Thread, however, when it finishes and I run it again, I get ""System.Threading.ThreadStateException"".  How can I fix this?",Do not create the worker thread in the constructor.  You should move this code into the btnTransferData_Click method.,,0,3529,1,0,1,0
1685,3d tag cloud asp.net,"I want to create 3d tag cloud which pic the tags from the XML file. Any suggestion how can I do that? It could be in Javascript, JQuery, flash or any other client side technology. But it should integrate with asp.net. Please assist",Try any of the following: JQuery: http://www.codeproject.com/KB/ajax/TagCloud.aspx JQuery: http://www.devirtuoso.com/2009/08/how-to-create-a-3d-tag-cloud-in-jquery/ ASP.Net MVC: http://www.wijix.com/post/Simple-Tag-Cloud-Implementation-for-ASPNET-MVC.aspx Silverlight: http://blog.petergerritsen.nl/2009/02/14/creating-a-3d-tagcloud-in-silverlight-part-1/ These use blog engine.net code - but you could examine the code!! ASP.Net: http://www.silverlight.net/community/samples/silverlight-samples/3d-tag-cloud-widget-for-blogenginenet-37051/ ASP.Net - Flash: http://www.ugochirico.com/post/2010/09/29/A-3D-Flash-Tab-Cloud-for-BlogEngineNET.aspx Try these answers as well How to create rotating tag cloud in jQuery and 3D sphere tag cloud,0.0,0,2505,1,0,0,0
1686,Saving widget settings: php file vs db [apc installed],"What would be faster in terms of performance and usability of editing etc. Storing the settings for widget in a file or storing the settings for it in a db. There are about 23 settings for the widget. The settings in the file will be stored as vars and saved as a php file. The settings in the database will be stored as serilized and then retrieved. But after one retrieval they will be cached for about 5 minutes in a php file as an array. So basically the database class will cache the results and then this would be used. What do you suggest is better to be used. I also wanna give the user the option to edit the widget, so please throw me some answers. Another issue was that if I was to check which widgets are owned to the a member on a file system with file names linke memberid_filename, how would i do it?","A database is definitely the right choice if you're going to have multiple copies of the settings (if, say, each user on your site can customize it.) Saving vars to a PHP file is only a good idea if it isn't receiving input from the internet.  If it is, a malicious user could escape the var with a quote-semicolon and then add arbitrary PHP commands, arguably worse than SQL injection!  Whoops. Your proposed caching setup is a little weird.  I'm not saying it won't be helpful, but I'm not so sure it will be either.  A competent database (like Postgres) will cache your queries anyway, taking care of that aspect of the performance tuning for you. The way I'd store ownership data on the widget is via a table, let's call it widget_owners.  Each column would contain the userID, ID of the widget (important assuming you want to be able to track ownership of new widgets without doing ugly things to your database to support it) and any relevant privileges.",,0,153,1,0,0,0
1687,php Aruba $_session issue,"I'm testing this code in Localhost and on Server ""Aruba"". In local environment it works perfectly while on Server I dont have the expected session value When I echo out the $_SESSION['lang'] it outputs : -the correct country code (Ex.'en') in localhost -On the Aruba server $_SESSION['lang'] outputs the array named $lang (that you can find on lang.en.php)instead of the needed country code!! Where am I wrong? thanks Luca my home.php  my langSwitcher.inc  my lang.en.php ","It sounds like  may be enabled (although that feature is deprecated). You can find out by running a  and looking for the  entry. Assuming it is enabled, the only solution is to fix it in  (you cannot override  with an  call).",,0,456,1,0,1,1
1688,Uploading Photo with ASIHTTPRequest,"I'm using ASIHTTPRequest to upload a photo with PHP. The PHP side is proven to work(I'm using it for android), and I'm trying to get the iOS component to work. Here is my upload:  Ive found this on the internet and when I run it, it fails with the error  From many of the documentation and examples I've found online, this should work, but it isn't, as you can see with the exception. Any help at ironing out the kinks? If you need any other information, I'll gladly post it.","There would appear to be a couple of errors in the way that you're producing the NSURL. Firstly, it's only the parameters that need escaping, not the whole URL, so  should be  Secondly, you're then trying to assign an NSString to an NSURL, so  should be  Finally, the second argument passed to  should be a float value between 0.0 and 1.0, so I'm guessing  should be  If it still doesn't work after these changes, then do as JosephH suggests and use the debugger to identify exactly which line is causing the exception",,0,597,0,0,1,1
1689,Can someone explain the object part in a push notification code?,I came across a piece of code that was registering a notification with:  and then triggerring it with:  Why is one object set to nil and other to self? What does that do? ,"Taking the second case first, when you post a notification you indicate which object is the sender of that notification. Usually that is 'self', but you can post a notification on some other object's behalf. On the other hand, when you register to observe notifications, you can specify that you only want to observe notifications that are posted by a particular object. So you can say ""I want to observer the 'cool new data' notification, but only if this particular object posts it. If some other object says there is 'cool new data', I'm not interested."" If you pass nil as the 'object' parameter when you register an observer, then you're saying you don't care who posts this notification, you want your selector (or block) to fire for any sender. So if anyone posts 'cool new data', I want to know about it. BTW, these are not ""push notifications"". That's a different feature/API.",,0,128,1,0,1,0
1690,Using Hibernate with a map for the attributes of a table,"So I have some code that represents a songs metadata, instead of having getters and setters for each field I put the values in map, each field is a String, and I have a seperate enum for each field. This makes the the code alot simpler Im now looking to hibernatise this code, am Im going to lose this simplicity and have to have getters and setters for each field ","First of all Hibernate allows you to map s, a and  of simple datatypes and classes. You would do this like that (for a ):  With such a entry in your , all the values you would put in the map would be stored in the newly created table called . So, in the worst case your example could work if you replaced the enum with a set of static  fields (which I assume you don't want to do, do you? :-)) When you try to replace the  with an  type, the mapping wont work out of the box. What you need to do is to somehow map your  class to  field in the DB. This is the way how you can do it. First, in your  file define a new type of  class with your  as a  parameter and  as a  parameter. (The magic  is defined in  as .)  When you have this in place, you can go ahead an write your  replacing the  with  like this:  This should solve your ""no getters and setters"" problem. (I assumed no usage of  type for simplicity in the  tag so my map looked like this in code: .) Anyway, make sure to understand the efficiency of this solution and take a look at these:  http://blog.javachap.com/index.php/enumeration-mapping-in-hibernate/ http://community.jboss.org/wiki/UserTypeForPersistingAnEnumWithAVARCHARColumn http://ndpsoftware.com/HibernateMappingCheatSheet.html  Hope this helps. Worked with Hibernate 3.4 and MySQL5 db.",,2,1000,1,0,1,1
1691,Issue with pushing UIViewController on UITabbarController,"I have implemented UINavigationController and UITabbarController with each other. I am able to see Navigation bar and Tab bar along with UIViewController. Problem is when I push any other UIViewController on this controller,that viewcontroller get pushed but Tabbar get disappeared.  Is there any provision to persist that UITabBar along the stack???? below is code I am referring  Thanks.",You should do it the other way around. Place an  in each of the  in the  .,,0,366,1,0,1,1
1692,Is this pair of AJAX requests a race condition?,"I'm creating a website that will feature news articles. These articles will appear in two columns at the bottom of the page. There will be a button at the bottom to load additional news stories. That means that I need to be able to specify what news story to load. Server-side, I'm simply implementing this with a LIMIT clause in my SQL statement, supplying the :first parameter like so:  This means that, client-side, I need to keep track of how many news items I've loaded. I've implemented this by having the function to load new information be kept in an object with a property holding the number of items loaded. I'm worried that this is somehow a race condition that I am not seeing, though, where my  will be called twice before the number is incremented. My code is as follows:  On page load, this is being called in the following fashion:  I could have implemented this in such a way that the success handler of a first call made another AJAX request for the second, which clearly would not be a race condition...but this seems like sloppy code. Thoughts?","(Yes, there is a race condition.) Addressing Just the JavaScript All JavaScript code on a page (excluding Web-Workers), which includes callbacks, is run ""mutually exclusive"". In this case, because newInfoItems is eagerly evaluated, it is not even that complex: both ""/api/news/0"" and ""/api/news/1"" are guaranteed to be fetched (or fail in an attempt). Compare it to this:  However, the order in which the AJAX requests complete is not defined and is influenced by both the server and browser. Furthermore, as discussed below, there is no atomic context established between the server and individual AJAX requests. Addressing the JavaScript in Context Now, even though it's established that ""/api/news/0"" and ""/api/news/1"" will be invoked, imagine this unlikely, but theoretically possible situation:  articles  exist in database browser sends both AJAX requests -- asynchronously or synchronously, it doesn't matter! an article is added to the database sometime between when  the server processes the  request, and the server processes the  request   Then, this happens:   returns article  (articles  in database) article  added  returns article  (articles  in database)  Note that article  was returned twice! Oops :) So, while the race-condition ""seems fairly unlikely"", it does exist. A similar race condition (with different results) can occur if  is processed before  and (once again) an article is added between the requests: there no atomic guarantee in either case! (The above race condition would be more likely if executing the AJAX requests in-series as the time for a new article being added is increased.) Possible Solution Consider fetching say,  (2 is okay!) articles in a single request (e.g. ""/api/latest/n""), and then laying out the articles as appropriate in the callback. For instance, the first half of the articles on the left and the second half on right, or whatever is appropriate. As well as eliminating the particular race-condition above by making the single request an atomic action -- with respect to article additions -- it will also result in less network traffic and less work for the server. The fetch for the API might then look like:  Happy coding.",1.0,2,312,1,0,1,1
1693,Joomla 1.7 menu-type adding,"I created a 1.7 component using Not Webdesigns Component Creator. They saved me a bunch of time in 1.5 so now Im finally switching to 1.7 coding I used them again for the basic outline of my components. Now everything works and installs fine. Everything shows up and Joomla finds index.php?option=com_dealers (Its called com_dealers obv.) Just when I hit menu type in the menumanagement, there is no shortcut to my component. How do I add it to that list? A simple xml etc... was enough in 1.5 but it obviously isnt now... Greetings,","Solution found, so Ill post it here, since I guess a lot of people will have this same problem using the creator. The creator forgets one xml. Namely default.xml in site/views/COMPONENTNAME/tmpl . Add a default.xml there with the following content ",,0,451,1,0,0,1
1694,What mechanism detects accesses of unallocated memory?,"From time to time, I'll have an off-by-one error like the following:  I've gone beyond the end of the allocated region, so I get an EXC_BAD_ACCESS signal at runtime. My question is: how is this detected? It seems like this would just silently return garbage, since I'm only off by one byte and not, say, a full page. What part of the system prevents me from just returning the garbage byte at ?","The memory system has sentinel values at the beginning and end of its memory fields, beyond your allocated bytes.  When you free the memory, it checks to see if those values are intact.  If not, it tells you. ",,4,112,1,0,1,0
1695,Getting stack overflow on function call,"I have a base class that three classes inherit from. Whenever these child classes are instantiated in a function, I'll get a stack overflow right as the function enters the body. They could be instantiated near the end or the beginning, it doesn't matter. As soon as the function body is entered, I get a stack overflow. If the classes are removed, the function operates normally. The child classes do not contain anything but one overridden function, and their constructors and destructors. The constructors and destructors are all empty.  Not sure how much that would help, but basically borrow is the child class. Once the function body is entered, a stack overflow results. Even if I instantiated it before return 0, it would still crash on entering the function body. If it is removed, program runs normally. I'm actually declaring borrow in a different function (main is just shorter) but it has the same effects whatever function it is placed into.  Borrow and the other child classes are the same. Empty constructor and destructor with one overridden virtual function. The implementation of perform is: ","Thanks to UncleBens, I was able to figure out that a class with a large object was being instantiated multiple times and thus creating a stack overflow.",1.0,1,1595,1,0,1,0
1696,How to clone/copy WeakHashMap? (Deep copy),"I had a HashMap and I used the clone function to make a deep copy. But I switched this to a WeakHashMap to try out some memory management. I still want to do this clone function but it isn't part of the methods in WeakHashMap. How do I efficiently clone a WeakHashMap into another one? I suppose I could do a loop, adding keys and checking for existing keys etc, but I'm not sure if that's the best way.","As you have to copy all the elements contained in your map, a  loop is required in order to sequentially visit all key and value pairs.",,0,251,1,0,0,1
1697,How to call a webservice from client side JavaScript?,"I want to call a web service of which URL is available to me. I want to just call it and retrieve the result back using javascript Ajax. For example : if some web service of like addition of two numbers is available freely and I want to use it in my app, how should I start ? I have just implemented following code (don't know it is right or not):  This is working fine in IE but giving error in FF, Opera etc.like   Is it even possible to call a web service without using SOAP service request ? Thanks..","Unless you want to deal with the browser specific cross-compatibility stuff you should be using a library to handle Ajax requests. Also I saw you are making an Ajax request to a different server. Unfortunately the same origin policy prevents cross domain XHR, but there is a workaround about this, by using JSONP. I recommend using jQuery's Ajax method with JSONP, read some articles about this here: http://remysharp.com/2007/10/08/what-is-jsonp/  http://www.giantflyingsaucer.com/blog/?p=2682",,1,3283,1,0,1,0
1698,"When audio is complete, accessing navigationController yields EXC_BAD_ACCESS","The origin of this question stems from the answer to this question. I have a series of puzzles that are managed by their own ViewControllers. The workflow looks like this: UINavigationViewController-->Menu View Controller--> Routing View Controller --> Randomly Selected Puzzle View Controller The ""Routing View Controller"" randomly selects a puzzle view controller to push onto the stack. Once someone has solved the puzzle I play a ""You Win"" audio sample and then pop the view controller off the stack. At that point Routing View Controller randomly selects the next puzzle. Here's my code for playing the sound and for popping the puzzle view controller off the stack:  The problem is after the second puzzle is solved I get a EXC_BAD_ACCESS error thrown on this line of code within soundFinishedPlaying:  If I debug this line of code I can see that clientData has a reference to a UINavigationController so I'm a bit perplexed as to why I'm seeing this error.  I suspect it might have something to do with the fact I need to specify a straight C function for soundFinishedPlaying and/or the fact I need to pass in the UIViewController reference as a void *.  Please let me know where I've gone wrong or if there's a better way to trigger a view transition once an audio clip has completed playing. Thanks in advance!","I figured out what's going on here. The problem was with the ""bridge"" casting I did on this line:  If I changed the bridge mode to __bridge_retained instead that insured that my instance of NavigationController would not be dereferenced until after the sound completion method had completed. By using __bridge_retained that also means I have to explicitly dereference the point using CFRelease(...) in soundFinishedPlaying. I'm still ramping up on the Apple code analysis tooling to confirm there are no other memory leaks so if I'm missing any details here feel free to fill them in. FYI...thanks to this post for pointing me in the right direction.  ",,1,523,1,0,1,1
1699,About ActionScript3 and encoding characters,"I have a flash app and a textfield in it. I can change locale on the system tray and type unicode chracters, for example with windows -1251 encoding. If I use jquery to send the unicoded text to save to database, how does it get there, as windows-1251 encoded or other encoding, like UTF-8? Or lets just say with which encoding it get to jquery at first?","All strings have UTF8 encoding, so if you get text of textfield it'll have UTF8 encoding",,2,160,1,0,0,0
1700,Regexp: Anything but a number or nothing at all,"I suppose it's a pretty basic issue but I just can't figure it out: Should match:   Should not match:  My guess was A12[^0-9] but this way ""A12"" doesn't match.  would be a workaround but I was looking for something more elegant. ", fulfills your requirements exactly as stated: Match  unless it's followed by a number.,,0,1590,1,0,1,1
1701,TcpListener HTTP file upload fails randomly,"Background I'm trying to implement a simple web server part as a web interface to a desktop application. I first tried HTTPListener which worked but required admin privileges (in some way or another) which I felt was unnecessary. I'm now trying a TcpListener based approach. Progress Serving files works good but I'm having a problem with file uploads. I basically tried to use the answer found in another question but instead of plugging in HttpListenerContext.Request.InputStream I used TcpClient.GetStream(). Problem The problem is that this seems to be working very randomly. Sometimes it works fine but most of the times it doesn't. When it doesn't work the thread doesn't seem to do anything until I press abort in my browser and it proceeds to throw an exception ""Start boundary not found"" (see the code in the link). Question Now, my questions are:  Am I doing this the right way or are there any simpler way to create an HTTP server (third-party libraries included)? What could be the possible causes for my problem? What parts of code would you need to see to help me further? ",Cassini project is what you need. Also you can look at XSP in mono. You should be able to embed those projects into your code and host ASP.NET. If that is not possible you can start looking XSP sources and implement the web server part yourself.,,1,272,1,0,0,0
1702,need help positioning arrow on div container,"I am trying to make a pure css div with arrow ( like speech bubble ) I have created a fiddle here http://jsfiddle.net/ozzy/j9Wku/ Basically, I havent used an image in the fiddle but to the left of the div box when you hover over the image the div animates. You can see effect when you hover over the link. I want to make it look like a speech bubble, but struggling to accomplish this. Here is image of what I am after.  Any help greatly appreciated. I only need help doing the arrow for the div.","I fiddled with this myself, and came up with a great solution. Code below.  Changed a couple of things in the js and works perfect. Thanks guys",,0,613,1,0,0,1
1703,How to set WCF service to check SOAP Header,"I had a .asmx web service that check parameters of soap header like this:  now, i want to re-implement something like this with WCF service. How can I do that without adding ClientCredential as input parameter of the service?",This is a good explanation of how to achieve what you ask for: How to add a custom HTTP header to every WCF call?,,1,1966,1,0,1,0
1704,ASP.NET Razor ViewModel property is modified somewhere,"I have an extremely simple Controller + View   and  this is by far the simplest controller and view we have in our MVC4 application, BUT - it does something weird: I get the TextBox, which is created with @Html.EditorFor(model => model.UserName) prefilled with the UserId of the model instead of the UserName I debugged it and it and there as always the correct value in UserName and UserId. You can also see, that I added @Model.UserName twice within the View to see if it get also correctly rendered, and yes, it prints the UserName and not the ID. I've also checked references to the UserName-property and didn't find any, which would modify it. My question is - do you have any idea, where the code could be modified or how could if find it out? It happens only on this one controller on this one action (out of ~25 controllers and ~200 actions) Thank you","Ok, it was AGAIN the ModelState - as you can see in the code above - the parameter to the function is called ""username"" but it's actually the userId. And since there is already the parameter username, it is stored in the ModelState and when I call  it takes the value from the ModelState (where actually the UserId is stored under the name of the action-parameter) So the solution would be, either to call ModelState.Clear() or rather, rename the parameter to represent the actual value.",0.0,0,117,0,0,1,1
1705,call on dynamic added html elements a jQuery method,"my have some trouble to call a JavaScript/jQuery 1.9.1 method on dynamic added html-elements. Here is my JS-code:  My dynamic HTML code:  I get no error message, but the method is besides not calling, what is here not correct?",Use .on instead ,,0,1213,0,0,1,1
1706,Maps with a nested vector,"For some reason the compiler won't let me retrieve the vector of integers from the map that I've created, I want to be able to overwrite this vector with a new vector. The error the compiler gives me is ridiculous. Thanks for your help!! The compiler didn't like this part of my code:  Error:   CODE: ","You're making a copy(ies) of the vector, which is unnecessary.  Should instead be:  This should also address the same issue RyanMck pointed out.",0.0,0,603,0,0,1,1
1707,RangeSlider in Dojo,dojox.forms.HorizontalRangeSlider and dojox.forms.VerticalRangeSlider are both defined in /dojox/forms/RangeSlider.js. What do I need to do to dojoConfig instead of using require statements so the package is only loaded when necessary? I'm using Dojo 1.8  It seems Dojo Ticket #16301 relates to the same issue - is there a way round the problem?,"As suggested above, define a module  as:  Any other alternative ideas or suggestions on how to use  to auto require properly would be appreciated!",,0,367,0,0,1,1
1708,Vs2012 Unable to connect to Nuget with a proxy,"I am running Visual Studio 2012 in a VM (windows 7 64bit) and am having trouble getting to Nuget. The username i use on the VM is not the username i use to authenticate through the proxy so my devenv.exe.config file looks like this:  Initially when i opened Extensions and Updates i recieved the following message:  A connection to the server could not be established because the following error(s) occurred:   There was no endpoint listening at http://visualstudiogallery.msdn.microsoft.com/Services/v2011/Extension.svc that could accept the message. This is often caused by an incorrect address or SOAP action. See InnerException, if present, for more details.   Unable to connect to the remote server   A connection attemp dailed because the connected party did not properly respond after a period of time, or established connection failed because connected host has failed to respond 65.52.103.91:80  After reading several articles I went to Tools -> options -> Environment -> Web Browser and clicked on the Internet Explorer options... button. I then went to connections -> Lan settings and although we use aconfiuration script i added a proxy server and clicked ok. now the message has changed when going o online Extensions and Updates:  A connection to the server could not be established because the following errors(s) occured:   The HTTP request is unauthorized with client authentication scheme 'Anonymous'. The Authentication header recieved from the server was 'NTLM, Basic realm=""Our Proxy Server"".   The remote server returned an error:(401) Unauthorised.  So how do i get it to let me use the correct credentials to pass the proxy?",Well after much searching it ended up there was a firewall rule that was causing the issue.  After a new rule burn I can now access it via VS fine.,1.0,2,10309,0,0,1,0
1709,MODX - File TV in cojnunction with MiniShop2 module,"I have some problems with ""File"" TV in conjunction with Minishop2 module . Unfortunately this tv input field extends outside of a browsers viewport, and my client is not able to make changes (attach files). Screenshot - http://i.imgur.com/9SobH4v.jpg Please help ","It is a bug of MODX 2.2.7, that already fixed. http://tracker.modx.com/issues/9825",,0,105,0,0,0,0
1710,How can I update related tables?,"My project involves creating a new hotel room and 2 tables in my database will update. My tables are called RoomType and RoomFacility.  I can successfully update RoomType, but when I try to update RoomFacility and use RoomTypeID to make a new room facility, it fails. I always get 1 for my RoomFacilityID. How can I update data for both tables, roomType and RoomFacility? This is the code for my service to update my database ",,,4,661,0,0,1,1
1711,Using Cursors to return a specified number of results,"I have a cursor in my SQL 2008R2 database. This cursor takes a list of data, parses each row the data, and then runs the parsed data row through a stored procedure.  This works very well, at least by my expectations. The cursor processes 8000 rows in about 19 seconds. The 8000 rows are specified by user input, which feeds to the @GuessListSize parameter. However, the parsed data is not always processed correctly, which is to be expected. Hence, the try-catch code. We don't really need the cursor to do anything with the failed stored procedure executions. We started tracking them in a separate table so we can figure out how to better process these data points in the future. The issue with this is that the cursor now will not return a full list. We are hoping for a list of a size specified by the user. So the cursor pulls the list of the specified size, as it should, but some of those entries may not be properly processed by the stored procedures, returning a list less than the specified size. So the next thing I tried was a WHILE loop. Now, the WHILE loop worked fine. It returned all of the rows the user requested. However, it took nearly 30 minutes to run through the same size of data set. This is obviously unacceptable.  Because the Cursor is designed to chew through a pre-defined list of data, I'm not sure how to make said cursor ""dynamic"" and return the user-specified number of results regardless of errors. The WHILE loop has the ""counter"" only increase if the SP executes without hitting the CATCH block, but I don't know how to integrate that into the Cursor, or if I even can. Is there something obvious I'm missing here? (As requested, the INSERT SQL SPs)  Per RBarryYoung's suggestion, I opted to look at the actual SP inserting process a bit. One of the problems I found was that many of our Execs were not pulling a domain to concatenate into an email address. Expanding the areas where the script could look for domain information has improved the process to near-user-specified completion. While it's still not perfect, it's a step in the right direction. As for finding ways to dynamically force a cursor to pull a specific number of rows, I'm thinking I might nest this particular SP in a second SP that uses the WHILE loop. So basically, while the list size is less than the user-specified list size, it will re-execute the insertion SP. That might work. If it works, I'll re-edit and post this as the solution.","As suggested in the last paragraph of the post, I ended up using nested SPs. The outermost SP runs a WHILE loop that keeps track of however many execs were requested. It then runs the generation SP with the specified number of execs. If the returned number is less than the requested number, it remains in the WHILE loop. The errors in the generation SP are being logged to be reviewed by our data team.",,1,380,0,0,1,0
1712,Kendo Dropdown with Knockout get full object of selected,"I have a kendo dropdownlist mixed with knockout  How can I get the full object within transactionId? Right now i receive the fundingId which i understand, but I have a new piece which requires knowing more about the selected item. How can I get the full object as the value?",Found that the current KendoDropDownList does not support having a complex object as a data value. This post has a proper link to a way to solve the problem by using an additional ko.computed. Set the binding of a dropdown in knockout to an object,,0,2531,0,0,1,0
1713,where to reference bootstrap in angular 2,"I am writing an app in angular2, I wonder should we include bootstrap reference  on component level OR should we use in the index.html once. What are the pros and cons of each style. Thanks !!","you need to include the boostrap css within your index.html file.  If you want to use the   you can use it into your components this way:  When you do it in the first way you have all the necessary styles needed for the elements, 2nd way has components that are available for angular2.",,0,122,1,0,0,1
1714,Hooking winapi function show me dllimport error,"i am trying to write a article about  and  functions. Like the core function of each and every Windows graphical interfaces is  i was trying to use  to capture these messages and show it in my graphical interface. I did api hooking of a easy function to understand more about minhook in the follow way:  This is example works so fine. But now i was trying to capture  Winapi Function. So i tried to make a similar example at my working example. The example is the follow:  However not seems to be compiled fine. I get the follow error's:  My dll trying to hooking sendmessage:  At the moment when i compile my dll not seems to compile fine:  In general i'm trying to make a minimal example of this dll hooking  winapi function. Why i am trying to do this? For researching, and i get the data since there: Hooking SendMessage",The problem is this line:  This function has already been declared by  but with a slightly different declaration related to how the function is imported from a .DLL. Just remove your declaration and the error should go away...,,-2,114,1,0,1,1
1715,Xamarin Forms and Remote Notification,"I'm trying to implement remote notification on a PLC project that supports iOS and Android platforms. I will be using a web API to handle the register and push the notification. I need help on how to set up the remote notifications. This what I have for the iOS. My iOS approach:  In AppDelegate implement registration to APN and get device token.  Save that token to my shared project.  For demonstration and simplicity:  3.A In one of page have a button to register the device with the token to the server using the web API.  3.B In same page, another button to send notification to that device by using the token and using web API Handle received notification in AppDelegate  Any hints or tips on to make my appraoch better? As for android, I don't know any approach to it since I haven't had any experience using it. I need help on both iOS and Android approach or links to tutorials or samples. Any help will be appreciated it.",I working with Azure Notification Hub and with this tutorials my app working perfect with remote notifications. iOS https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/notification-hubs/xamarin-notification-hubs-ios-push-notification-apns-get-started Android https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/notification-hubs/xamarin-notification-hubs-push-notifications-android-gcm,,0,464,1,0,0,0
1716,How to pass Ajax Json object to the Controller Class in .Net Core?,"We are trying to make a Ajax request to our Core Web API and get the  Json result back to the Controller for further processing, Which include Deserialization of the Json object result, Ajax request is working fine and we are able to get the required Json data in . Can anyone here please advise the changes or the alternatives to achieve this? View (Ajax Request)  Controller.cs  Update:  I have tried the solution given by @J. Doe, but still unable to get the result set. Please check the screenshot and below code..  Ajax Request:  Class Properties:  Here is Action Result Controller:  Error Snapshot: enter image description here",1) Add [FromBody] the controller you are returning to. This will make the controller expect a JSON object.  2) If this doesn't work you are not posting a correct json object/you are not posting a json object use  to inspect the object you are passing in the console of the browser. 3) How to create a JSON object in JS: https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_json_stringify.asp,,0,3245,1,0,1,1
1717,Why does a Missing Partial error occur occasionally when the file exists?,"While running Cucumber tests, from time to time it will fail intermittently. The error is:  Yes, the partial file does exist in  The kicker is that sometimes the test will pass, other times it will fail. I am running on a Red Hat 5 machine. So to debug this, I decided to throw in a .  For those curious what's in the partial :  When it passes, I obviously don't hit the byebug, but when it fails, I do! Which allows me to play with it in a Rails Console type environment. So I decided to run that specific command:  And I get:  So I thought I'd remove the locals to see if anything changed:  And I get:  So obviously it's now magically finding the partial, and it knows that it is missing a local variable . Update 1 I added the rest of the view that is calling the partial above for clarity. In an attempt to troubleshoot, I also took the contents of  and placed it where I had the ... then the test passed, which means that the other partials in the file didn't have an issue either. So it doesn't seem like it could be related to the content of the file. Update 2 It seems by adding the @javascript tag to our very first Cucumber feature often fixes this issue. Somehow having the browser loaded before the other tests, improves the chances of it passing. Makes no sense to me, maybe someone else has an idea about this? Update 3 It has been discovered today that the error is not related to Cucumber at all. The same error was found in production. The web interface showed a Missing Partial error, but for a file that did indeed exist. After restarting the Passenger server with  and then the error went away. So it's still very intermittent. Update 4 I added the content of the partial that seems to be missing randomly. How would I go about discovering why Rails cannot find a partial that is actually there?","I strongly believe upgrading to Ruby 2.3.1 solved this for us. I am not certain what may have changed. When we were investigating this, my colleague and I thought we found a line in the Rails source code that was rendering partials differently based on the Ruby version. I'm having trouble finding that now, but I still wanted to post that the problems seems to have vanished ever since we upgraded to a newer Ruby.",7.0,22,2992,1,0,1,0
1718,List of List - String Java 8 forEach feature. Looking for explanation of the output i got,"I am trying to implement forEach function of Java 8. This programs prints lists of list content. (Please go through my code, my question is at the end of this post) Below is my program:  Output of this program:  My question is : If i call list3.get(0) i should be getting a,c,e ? Isn't? Is this about Data Structure?","The code you wrote is the equivalent to the following in Java 7:  Your contents of  are as follows:  For each of these two lists, you are printing the element at index .  In the first sublist, that would be ; on the second, that would be .",1.0,1,59,1,0,1,1
1719,How to setup Sublime Text 3 to build script with MSYS bash?,"Hi i would like to know how to setup sublime text 3 build system to execute bash script threw MSYS bash. I have try the following build system :  It does look to work, but it can't find gcc, i have try to add multiple path this way :  But the C: looks to break the thing. I have also try this :  But it fail also as path is waiting for a string only  Also fail ...   Same for those ... Any working suggestion would be greatly appreciated.", To install msys bash with sublime text 3 you just have to copy this in   a new build system:   thanks to macite : https://github.com/macite/sublimebashbuildsystem/blob/master/Bash.sublime-build,,0,568,1,0,1,1
1720,"how change ""for"" for ""while"" in python, and try say the same","I have this code in Python that uses . I need the same result using , but I don't know how. ","Define  outside the loop, then increment it: ",,-1,36,1,0,1,1
1721,Why my JavaFX ImageView is not showing/hiding using the Fade Transition?,"I m trying to add a fade transition to my login and logout ImageViews, I tried to use the same pattern as the JFeonix Hamburger, I also used some tutorial at oracle docs but, there is no fade transition my ImageViews are hiding and showing instantly. What I'm missing ?  below is my code :   Thanks.","You're not changing the look of the node with the , since you're still using the default values for ,  and . This means effectively you simply toggle the visibility on and off... Usually only the opacity is modified by a . Example: ",,0,568,1,0,1,1
1722,Monthly View with Dropdown,"I am using DayPilot to create a monthly view of events Using this tutorial I have created a calendar view of events, but the dropdownlist only accounts for future dates.  How do I set up the for loop so that it starts at January of the current year. Here is the for loop:  This results in:  April 2017 - July 2018  I would like to keep the 15 months past the current month, but would like the dropdown to start at January 2017. How do I accomplish this?",Start the count on January (1) instead of  ,,0,32,1,0,1,1
1723,User defined function over all rows in window,"I have a set of timestamped location data with a set of string feature ids that are attached to each location.  I'd like to use a Window in spark to pull together an array of all of these feature id strings across the current N and next N rows, ala:  Is this possible with Spark and if so, how do I write a function like featuresCollector that can collect all the feature ids in the window?","Spark UDFs cannot be used for aggregations. Spark provides a number of tools (, , ) which can be used for custom aggregations, and some of these can be used with windowing, but none can be defined in Python. If all you want is to collect records,  should do the trick. Please keep in mind that is a very expensive operation. ",,1,1136,1,0,1,1
1724,Android:Background in styles lets elements disappear,I changed android:background in my style:  And now some elements like my material calendar view seemed to have lot visibility and I can't figure out why. Here the XML of the Fragment Layout:  The Fab Button is the only visible thing left. Screenshot of Layout after background change: http://imgur.com/ElraxNw," In your style, you should use  instead of     are style properties that are effective only when   the style is applied as a theme to an  or  and    attribute only supports a reference to   another resource.   Only  is showing because the container of  is a  and its  and  are . That's why it overlapped with your .  Update your layout XML as below:   Hope this will help~",,0,703,1,0,1,1
1725,"Why am I only getting <?xml version=""1.0"" standalone=""no""?> when request for a xml file? Android","I am using this method to get xml file from a remote server, I use another parser class to parse it, and it got parsed successfully. However, when i use  to check the content of the xml file, it only shows  in logCat. Why? ",I think the problem wasn't the request but the output in the LogCat. Logging every line separately obtained the desired full response!. So check this by applying breakpoint in debug mode. Might its help to you.,,0,129,0,0,1,0
1726,Place variable in dynamic option field,"I want to place  into    I have tried replacing the quotes/etc., but I cannot get it to work. I appreciate your help. ",Have you tried concatenation?  You could also use jQuery's own methods for adding text: ,,0,34,0,0,1,1
1727,MySQL joins for delete,"I have multiple tables  list_of_students, sport_students.  in sport_students I have field named  list_of_house_id and in list_of_students I have field list_of_class_id, and list_of_house_id. Now but I need to delete records from sport_student acc to house_id and list_of_class_id.  I have tried this query but seems not working   Anybody have idea how to do this?",,0.0,-1,69,0,0,1,1
1728,Calculate fields according some criteria in linq projection, Possible Duplicate: linq case statement   please consider this scenario: I have a function like this:  I have a table in database like this:  in body of function I want to do some calculation.  the problem is in case of  I should do this in linq projection:  How I can use this  in linq projection? thanks, And your DTO: ,,0,339,0,0,1,1
1729,Weird Camera Iris Shutter Animation,I'm seeing a weird animation of the camera iris when I present a  in a  with the following code:  I should also mention that the  is already presented with another content view controller at this point and thus the call to  is changing the popover's content to the image picker.  This is what is looks like when the image picker is shown:  What is going on here?,"After months of stewing over this, I came up with the solution!  The unsightly black bar below the shutter animation has to do with the fact that the  has a  as it's content view controller before  setting the  as the content view controller. The height of the black bar is the same height as the navigation bar of the .  Anyways, the solution was to set the popover content size to  before I set the  content view controller to the . Here's some code:  The key is this call right here: ",,0,726,0,0,1,1
1730,Redeclare class in PHP, Anyone know how to redeclare function? For example:  And the output is: Cannot redeclare class  So I tried to name the class as a variable:  Edit: I have a DataBase table and I am reading data from the table user 'while()' loop.  I have a class that uses the table and echo some information. That is the reason.   And it's still not working... Any suggestions?,Use PHP NameSpace  Output  ,,1,951,0,0,1,1
1731,Clear packets sent/ received,Is it possible to clear the amount packets sent/ received and start from 0 again?? The Code to get sent or received packets:  ,"I never found the answer to this but another option is to write the data to a text file then minus the data in the text file from the ""get number of packets"" . ",,2,65,1,0,1,1
1732,Avoid bundled jquery in Yii,"I read a book called ""Yii Application development cookbook"" which has a chapter that includes these lines:   ""Sometimes, you need to suppress including a bundled jQuery. For   example, if your project code relies on version specific   functionality. ...""  Can you help me understand the two questions below:  What exactly is ""bundled jQuery"" (My first understanding is that it's just some javascript code using jQuery framework. I'm not sure whether I'm right or not) What is the author's purpose when he writes ""relies on version specific functionality"", does he mean to force Yii application to use only one version of jQuery and not upgrade to the most latest if it becomes obsolete?  Many thanks!","1) Yii comes with a default jQuery version bundled with it, this is the bundled jQuery he means, the actual ""version"" of jQuery (1.2, 1.3... 1.7, 1.8 etc), not just some code using it. So when you call jQuery in your default Yii install Yii will initiate the jQuery version that's bundled with it, which may not necessarily be the most recent jQuery version, depending on what version of Yii you have and what version of jQuery was bundled with that Yii version. 2) If, for example, the version of Yii you have came bundled with jQuery version 1.7 and you have some code that relies on a feature of jQuery that's only in jQuery version 1.8, then you'd need to suppress the default bundled version (1.7) and use a version you specify (1.8 in this example).",,2,225,1,0,0,0
1733,going from array[0] to array[n] in C without typing them all out,"Is there a way to go from array[0] to array[n] in C without typing them all out.like:  thanks for the suggestions guys but i only wanted the code to execute if ALL of the elements in the array were ==95, not if just one of them was.i ended up just typing them all out and using && between them. Thanks anyway :D","It's called a  loop, you can make a function to encapsulate the behaviour you want of being able to check the array inside in  condition: ",,-1,76,1,0,1,1
1734,Update form keeps original values,"I have a form which is filled with values retrieved from database. That form has a submit button which should update the corresponding fields in the database once clicked. The problem is that no matter what I do the values do not get updated in the database. I'm using a stored procedure and checked it twice, it works ok, I also tried the trick with the hardcoded insert value-also works. My guess is that once the field is populated from the database on Page_Load, its value remains even if I change it. How do I overcome this issue so that I can use the same form to retrieve and update data? ","If you have your data load in the  function, ensure that you are checking for  to ensure that you do not reset the data when the user submits the page. ",,0,65,1,0,1,1
1735,Is there an easy way to update progressbar as code runs," Possible Duplicate: NSProgressIndicator progress with For loops?   I have a simple question this time (hopefully). I have an NSProgressIndicatorView (progress bar) and I want to update its value and a status label as a for loop runs:  This code works, but the status label and the progress bar do not update until the entire for loop has finished. I can watch things work as it runs if I send them as an , so I assume there should be an easy way (without creating an ) to similarly update my status label and progress bar as I go. Any ideas?","After doing some digging, the UI can be updated asynchronously through for loops with the following code: ",1.0,1,996,1,0,1,1
1736,How to right align h:panelGrid?,Im design a navigation bar for a webpage in jsf.  I want some links to be on the right of the bar and some on the left. It doesnt seem to work. Any ideas? ,"Try this out, there was a typing mistake in your coding as well, its the first h:panelGrid 's column you have typed ""columnus"" Inside  the style sheet must be declared.  then in   In style sheet (styles.css) the styles are, ",1.0,1,16242,1,0,1,1
1737,Registering resource for ActiveAdmin inside Engine,"it would be great if it is possible to:  create an Engine create Models inside this Engine (with migrations and seeds) create ActiveAdmin resources for every Model inside this Engine  and later... use it in every new app as easy as including new gem 'activeadmin_addons' for example, i have to manually clone every time AdminUser resource, often, Catalog, User, Article and some others thanx in advance",Have a look at the active admin wiki entry: https://github.com/gregbell/active_admin/wiki/Define-a-resource-inside-an-engine,,0,602,1,0,0,0
1738,Correlation coefficient on gnuplot,I want to plot data using fit function : . After ploting i have this result:   My question is : how can i found a correlation coefficient on gnuplot ?,"If you're looking for a way to calculate the correlation coefficient as defined on this page, you are out of luck using gnuplot as explained in this Google Groups thread. There are lots of other tools for calculating correlation coefficients, e.g. numpy.",2.0,3,11053,1,0,1,0
1739,How to convert html text to Plain Text in report,I am passing HTML text as parameter value in java. like  I have bound this parameter in ireport as static text field like  then it will be converted in plain text.  Which setting need to be added on staticText in iReport for acquire same?,Add a Text Field to your report. ,,0,522,0,0,1,1
1740,Android app is shown as not compatible in play store,"I have published a new update of my App. After publishing it got a warning like ""Warning: Your active APK supports less devices then the previous APK. Some users won't get the update."" So i've compared the details of the current and the prior APK. There is only one difference: The new one has the additional entry ""Native Platform: simple-xml.2.6.9.jar"". Do you think that there is a problem with it? Acutally i've intergrated the .jar into my android project.  Additionally, the developer console shows me that the app is now compatible with 0 devices... if i search for a certain device i get a notice that it's because of my manifest settings.    if i install the apk directly on my device, it works fine.","Alright, i fixed it. The problem was that actualy only the SurveyLib.jar is using simple-xml-2.6.9.jar and the simplexml.jar was included within the SurveyLib.jar. So i think there was a problem dexing the simplexml.jar within surveylib.jar. i've created the surveylib.jar again without simplexml.jar but included the simplexml.jar to the libs folder of my app. now it works fine. thanks to you all for your help.",,0,299,0,0,1,0
1741,Redirection using PHP and Javascript and setting cookies,"Alright, I'll try and keep this simple and sweet.  I am working on my wesbsite, and it currently loads a splash page when the user first loads the site.  That is the behavior I want.  if the user has never been to the site before, redirect to splash page. if user has been to the site before and did not want to see the splash don't redirect. if user likes splash and wants to see upon new session, show splash page.  those basically the scenarios i am working with, can't really think of any more, been trying to hack something out for the past couple of hours with no luck. index.php  splash.php  splash-process.php  Go to chrisrjones.com to see what I'm talking about.","Alright, so I think the problem wasn't with my code, but rather understanding how browsers behave.  If I go to the site (chrisrjones.com) as of right now in FF 18.0.2 and select ""No"" on splash pages are stupid, then I can enter the site once I click enter. However if I leave the tab open, and have FF set to leave tabs open on restart (whatever it's called you know what I mean), and quit FF, then relaunch it the session cookies never expire.  So when I refresh the page thus the splash page isn't loaded.  However, if I close the tab then quit the browser then reload the page, the splash page is loaded. (Which is what I want). Chrome on the other hand appears to not delete session cookie's once the browser is closed, so that's why I was having such difficulty with Chrome. I now have a better understanding as why things are behaving the way they are, and realize it wasn't all my poor coding practice.",,0,208,0,0,1,0
1742,Missing PIE linear-gradient behavior in IE8 (but working in IE7 and IE9),"I am using CSS3 properties to style my navigation. I am using background-image: linear-gradient which works in all modern browsers, but lack of support in IE7-8. I am relying on PIE (v1, http://css3pie.com) for implementation across older IE 7 and 8. I tried PIE 2 beta, but it was not working for me. The problem is the rest of PIE CSS3 properties are working in all browsers everywhere on the site, except this one element, in one browser (IE8). A class of ""last"" is applied to the last top-level  element in the container . This happens in JavaScript in  and in the CSS li.last has a green gradient background. I tried moving the JS outside of document.ready() so it fires right away, and also tried placing it in  so it fires after TypeKit, neither having an effect on the outcome.  The  property for this element works as expected in IE9. It even works as expected in IE7. But in IE8, nada. All other elements in the page that rely on PIE for linear-gradient and for other CSS3 properties, all load fine. But for this particular element, the linear-gradient background image is not applied for some reason. I was thinking this is because PIE behavior is run before my JavaScript can apply the last class, because when I inspect I do see the rest of the properties (font-size, color, float) have all been applied. It is not a problem of class inheritance, because other  elements are not styled with any background properties. Here are stacked screen shots (IE9, IE8, IE7):  Any ideas? Is there way to delay PIE behavior from loading before the JS can apply class of last? Is this even the problem? I'm most perplexed because it's working in IE7... appreciate any insights you might have. Here is my HTML (generated by WordPress):  Here is JavaScript (used to apply the class ""last"" to the last top-level  in ):  CSS and scripts are loaded in this order: style.css > Typekit > JQuery > site.js (where ""last"" is applied) Here is my relevant CSS: ","Thanks to the insights from @FelipeAls and @Spudley in the comments, I was able to resolve the situation. Using @FelipeAls suggestion, I hardcoded the class into WordPress' menu editor, and removed the JavaScript which applied the class. This helped ensure the class was being applied and the PIE behavior rendered. But, the problem remained. @Spudley was on the right track, and it led me to find this known issues doc for PIE. It was as simple as adding  to .  I don't know how I missed this as I was actually on the Known Issues page earlier today trying to diagnose why v2.0 was not recognizing custom JavaScript paths. Thanks everyone for your help!",,0,464,0,0,1,1
1743,"Git repo does not have a .htaccess file, how do I create a local .htaccess that will not be removed by git pull --rebase","The title might be a bit weird explanation of things so I will go into more detail here. I have set up git repo trough github for a website so all of us can edit on our own computers and then push changes to the webserver. I then have a pull script on my website that does  every few minutes, if there are changes in the repo. Now, I do not wish to have the username and password for the database on github, so I was thinking of having a .htaccess file locally on the server that holds the username and password instead of having it in the php files. So I created a .htaccess file locally, and added .htaccess in gitignore and gitattributes, but whenever I do a  the updates to the .htaccess file are removed. And if I do  and  it says that .htaccess has been deleted and that I have to push the file to the repo, even though the repo does not have any .htaccess file. And I can't push either because the server version of the repo is read-only. Any ideas? Update with .gitignore file:     #################     ## Eclipse     ################# ",I managed to find a solution (I hope) from this post on stackoverflow: Ignore files that have already been committed to a Git repository And the line that did it for me was: ,,0,1796,0,0,1,1
1744,Arduino calculating the frequency - what am I doing wrong here?,"I'm a newbie when it comes to electronics and Arduino - so the best way is to just to play around with it, right? I have started a small project that utilize and LDR (Light Density Resistor) and want to use it to calculate the frequency that a light beam is blocked or turned off. For debugging purposes I setup a small LED that blinks at a defined frequency (5 Hz etc.) and use a LCD to display the output.  I have a problem with my top right corner... It seems as it performs wrongly. It was the intention that it should show the registered frequency, but while debugging I have set it to show the number of counts in an interval of 5 sec (5,000 msec). But it appears as 24 is the max no matter what frequency I set (When I get it to show the right number [5 sec x 5 Hz = 25] I will divide by the time interval and get the results in Hz). It also shows 24.0 for 9 Hz etc.. I also have this: YouTube video  ...but some fumbling in the beginning caused the LED to move a bit so it counted wrong. But in the end it ""works"".. But the 24.0 keeps being constant This is my code:  UPDATE A more ""clean"" code (please see my own answer)  This code does not fix my question, but is just more easy to read.",I changed the code completely after Albert was so kind to help me out using his awesome  FreqPeriodCounter library I also added a potentiometer to control the frequency Here is my code: ,1.0,5,4853,0,0,1,1
1745,Determine a Key Pressed is Numbers in WinRT,"I am developing a WinRT Application, I had overrided OnKeyDown Method, which has KeyRoutedEventArgs. When I try to get the key from the arguments say args.key, I get Numpad4, Numpad5(incase Numpad is pressed) or Number4, Number5 in Numbers are Pressed. How do I get only the Numbers say 4 or 5 in best way as possible?",Based on http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-au/library/windows/apps/windows.system.virtualkey  ,,1,780,0,0,0,1
1746,Turn based multiplayer: making/verifying moves,"I want to take my game to multiplayer using Skiller.  The multiplayer aspect occurs in a battle with the same style as Pokemon where monsters fight using player chosen moves.  Skiller uses a string that is sent between users to communicate the moves.  For a multiplayer game, should I: (1) Send only the move name and have both players' clients calculate the result (damage). (2) have the client making the move calculate the results and send it. (3) send the move name and have both clients calculate the result and send them to check against each other (4) a better option I don't know about [Edit] At the beginning of the fight, a message would go back and forth so that both player's clients had all the info on the monsters (health, attack values, statuses) so that each could calculate the damage done based on the move. If I would be verifying the result after a move is made, what should happen if they are getting different results?  It makes sense to verify but I'm not sure what I would want to do if it came back differently.","Have the attacker send the move, then the defender(the guy who gets attacked) calculates the damage done. To stay with the pokemon example, the reason why only the defender should calculate the damage is so the attacker does not need to receive a lot of information from the defender, for example Max health, a ""defense"" sort of attribute etc. Then the defender sends the damage receive back to the attacker so both Players know what has happened. I believe this is the best way to do it.",,0,101,0,0,0,0
1747,Android Left and Right Arrow Keys Act as Back and Previous Buttons,"I am working on an application with multiple fragments. Under One fragment I have some text editable fields. Every time the user clicks on this field, enters a text and clicks on the left or right arrow keys , post navigating through the field the the left or right arrow key act as a back or previous button navigating to the next/previous fragment (next/previous screen).  I have the following xml fields with some custom   The corresponding Java code is :  How can I restrict this behavior, such that the arrow keys only move within the editable field. ","You also could create fragments dynamically like so  // Replace whatever is in the fragment_container view with this fragment, // and add the transaction to the back stack if needed       // Commit the transaction       And just use      getSupportFragmentManager().beginTransaction().replace(R.id.container, fragment, ""class and/or increment""); Preferably under button designed. Just use your XML coded fragment as a container",1.0,0,397,0,0,1,1
1748,Custom ng-Include directive without child scope - Ng-Messages not work,"I have wrote a directive called lobInclude, I want the same that ngInclude but with no scope:  All seems ok but ng-Messages not work correctly when use my directive, you can see here an example: http://codepen.io/jros/pen/jPxmxj?editors=101 In the code pen I have a form with an input and my directive that include a script ng-template that contains other input. The ng-messages in the first input work fine but not in my include. Any ideas please?","The issue is about the compilation of the requested template:  The secuence is: create a element, compile and add/replace the element in the DOM. Debuging angular.js I can see that NgModelDirective is who comunicate with FormDirective controller to set the $pristine, $touch, ... NgModelDirective has a '^?form' as require to comunicate with parent form. Well, when I compile the element the template has no parent form due to that is not included in the DOM. ngModel can't find the ancestor form and can't set $error, $pristine, $touch, ... The solution is add element to the DOM and then compile it:  Thanks",1.0,0,172,0,0,1,1
1749,Display input when specific option selected,I have a  which shows a  containing various options. When I select a particular  I want to display an  field using jQuery. How can I do this?  ,Try           ,,0,27,0,0,1,1
1750,SQL Server SELECT from multiple tables,"I'm creating a timesheet app and have the following tables... :  :   contains  which is an int assigning an int to each week.  is an int from 1-7 allocating an int to each day of the week. Three years worth of dates have been entered into  with the corresponding  numbers and  numbers.  is used to record time entries which are allocated to a date.  matches  and is an int to represent the week number.  matches  and is a . So for the front end I display a listview displaying the weeks. The users clicks on a week and the days in that week are displayed. When the user clicks on a day they are able to enter a time entry. The problem I have is when I try to list the time entries for a week using the following query...  The problem I have is that if the user I'm searching on ('1' in the query above) does not have a time entry on a particular date but another user does, the empty date is not show in the list so the user does not have an opportunity to enter time for that day Below is output from the query above to demonstrate...  As you can see, day 6 is missing. When I search for the same week using entryUser = 25 you can see that there is a entry for day 6...  so I need to know how I can always show all week days in the list, blank and populated for a single user and a single week number. Any help would be massively appreciated.",You need to make the user condition of the join and the week a condition of the main table like this: ,,1,64,0,0,1,1
1751,ember-table even odd color strip,"I get stuck while adding even/odd color strips to table rows in ember-table.  Regular CSS selector   won't work because the lazy table will reusing existing limited number of row elements, so the first element in DOM may not be the first row on screen nor array of data. Did anyone solve this issue before?","I found a way to do that. In Table class, rows property  In Row class  method  Whatever value set in  will be shown in row element class, so only need to add two more styles in CSS    and ",,0,394,0,0,1,1
1752,EWS : Mail added to Sent Items but not delivered,"I am using Microsoft Exchange Web Services - EWS Managed API 2.2 to send mails from my Exchange Server email.  Here's the code I am using :  If I set the ToEmailAddress as the login username itself, the mail is being sent to inbox. If I send to any other email address(tried gmail,hotmail,yahoo), the mail is deposited in the sent mail, but it is not delivered to the email address intended.  But if I login to Outlook Web App and type a mail and send, the mail is added to Sent Items as well as delivered to the recipent email address.  I have checked Spam/Junk folder etc. The credentials are correct because I am able to save the copy of mail in Sent Items. What is it that I am doing wrong?","It turns out the mail was being spammed out at the outgoing exchange server itself. If I set a meaningful Subject, the mail was being sent.  ",0.0,0,947,0,0,1,1
1753,How to run a python script as a background process that takes different parameters from the command prompt?,I want to run a python program that runs in the background. It takes a folder directory and  size as parameters and and compresses the files in the folder which are greater than the provided size. Also it will show description of the program that is in  method if given the parameter  -h  . I have written the program normally here Now how to run this program as a background process with  and  info given as parameters and will show help information if given parameter ,from documentation of argparse  Then using ,,0,203,0,0,1,1
1754,Docker REST API : Create Image issue : Need help for parameter fromSrc:,Hi Guys need your help. I am creating an Image via docker REST API. The link mentioned for parameter  following is the description :  fromSrc: Source to import. The value may be a URL from which the image can be retrieved or - to read the image from the request body. This parameter may only be used when importing an image.  if anyone can suggest the meaning of  part and how we can test this," to read the image from the request body  means that you have to put your image as  into the body of your request. The URL, in this case, will look like this  To test this, you can use Restlet client or Postman, which are chrome extensions that let you build a request with a body.",,0,59,0,0,1,1
1755,How to find the Big-O complexity and worst case running time of this Java program?,I am having trouble understanding Big-O notation. How do I find the Big-O and worst case running time of this function? I wrote this function to reverse the order of a doubly linked list. ,"The ""data structure"" should remind us of a ""doubly linked list"", and assuming a list of size , this algorithms reverses the order of the list. We can count now the (compare, assign, mathematical) operations, which this algorithm will accomplish (besides, whether it is correct & terminates) ..in relation to : And we will find, that this algorithm does (in worst, best & average (so every)) case:  so it is  (assign or compare ... but compare are the ""most expensive"" ones in terms of run time) operations. We eliminate constant factors and offset (since they can be neglected, when gets big...and due to exact mathematical rules, we learned), and get:  ..and apropos: it is correct & terminates! ;)",1.0,0,116,0,0,1,1
1756,translate pipe inside v-html directive i18 vue with vuex,I'm using vuex-i18n package. Basically I'm translating most of my content by filter pipe like so:  but sometimes I need to translate text which in fact is just html and I bind it like so:  but this doesn't work with pipe:  paragraph in above example is: ,I found solution like so: ,,0,41,0,0,1,1
1757,"In meteor, are successive operations on the server synchronous?","If, as part of a single Meteor.call, I make two calls to the database on the server, will these happen synchronously or do I need to use a callback? ","From the docs:  In Meteor, your server code runs in a single thread per request, not in the asynchronous callback style typical of Node. We find the linear execution model a better fit for the typical server code in a Meteor application. ",,0,77,0,0,1,0
1758,ImageView inside LinearLayout not working,"I have the following layout, each time I try to view it in the  it gives the error message below.  The error  The following classes could not be found:   - ImageView (Change to android.widget.ImageView, Fix Build Path, Edit XML) ","It's got to do something with your image source . Check if the source name is right and check if you've given a valid extension. Also, try cleaning the project.",,0,432,0,0,1,1
1759,Authentication for BandPage API,"I am trying to access the BandPage API using this script which I found on Github. I have very little experience with PHP so can't really figure out what is wrong with this. This is the script:  and the error seems to be with the , errors below.  Notice: Undefined index: bp_access_token in C:\wamp\www\Testing\index.php on line 5 Notice: Trying to get property of non-object in C:\wamp\www\Testing\index.php on line 33 Notice: Trying to get property of non-object in C:\wamp\www\Testing\index.php on line 34  Do I need to declare  somewhere or am I missing something else?","The script hasn't been written very well. On line 5, an array access is made in the cookies array without first checking it exists. The author may have  turned off, but not everyone does. This:  would be better expressed as:  That will fix your first notice. As for the other two, you are making object accesses on null values in these lines:  My guess would be that your authentication to BandPage has failed, and you don't have a valid response object to work with. Double-check the values of these in the script, which must be supplied by you:  $app_id $client_id $shared_secret  You can probably get these from a control panel somewhere in your BandPage account screen.",,0,124,0,0,1,1
1760,How to authenticate user via Kentico 7.x API in ASP.NET webpart?,"I try to create new documents in kentico via API, but I have a problem with user authentication. I try to use the following code:  but my authorisation system on the site is not connected with kentico authoristation and it does not work. I tried also put admin username there:  It also does not work. I found an example to authenticate user in code but it was for Kentico 4.x, now I use kentico 7.x which do not support ""AuthenticateUser"" method  Could you suggest me how can I authenticate user in code?","Why to you think is an authentication problem? The code you posted just instantiates TreeProvider, it does not create documents. I suggest to look at API examples which you can find under Site manager - Support - API Examples - Documents. Basically it will be something like this: ",,0,851,0,0,1,1
1761,iphone dev - launch Waze with hebrew address search query,this is my current code:  if the query is in english then it works fine. tried to encode using . didnt help. solution ?,Have you tried escaping? ,,-1,367,1,0,1,1
1762,i read the k-d tree Pseudocode and do not know the meanig of this line," anyone could help me to explain the line ""var int axis := depth mod k;"",  why mod k, k is what?"," is the dimension of the tree. You will have to repeatedly divide the set of points along each direction one by one. Here  represents the level of a tree. Now as you go down each level, you have to move to next axis, and when you are done with the last axis (i.e. kth dimension) you will start again from 1st dimension (or in this case, from (k-1) to 0th dimension). Hence the next axis is chosen as ",,-1,92,1,0,1,1
1763,How to adjust the text in a textbox in wp7?,"In my app, what i want is when the text goes beyond the width of the text box, i want it to mention it somehow to the user,(either by placing ... at the end or decreasing the font size so that it fits the text box). How can i do this?",You can use text ellipsis..try this.. ,,0,80,1,0,0,1
1764,Left outer join with eagar loading,"I am writing a linq having a left outer join with conditions on right side table. my code  which works perfectly fine but it does not eagerly load, when i convert result of above query to my business model it again fires some queries on  Please provide the optimum way to achieve this. thanks in advance.  sorry (if i am asking something nonsense ) in advance","Eager loading does not work when you change the shape of the result set. Shape of your result set is  type. Once you use any manual join or projection, you are changing the result set and eager loading request is ignored.",,0,112,1,0,1,1
1765,Updating MySQL record not working using parameters,"Good day, I'm having a problem updating records in MySQL. The following code is in VB.Net. Whenever I execute the code I get no errors, but the information is not saved in the table. Please tell me what I am doing wrong.  I have deliberately place error in the the code and it would return an error message. can some one help me with this. Thanks","Do not enclose a parameter placeholder with single quotes  Enclosing the parameter placeholder in single quotes trasform its name in a literal value. So you query is searching a record where the  column contains the literal value . Of course it finds nothing and nothing is updated By the way, once a parameter placeholder is present in the query string, you should supply a parameter for it. If you forget to add the parameter an error occurs when you execute the command stating that an expected parameter is missing. You place a test for IsNumeric and only if it succeds you add the parameter.  I think you should test this error condition before and abort the update if something is not correct in your charge parameters.",,1,56,1,0,1,1
1766,Foreach in JS with JSON,I get a JSON Object from my PHP:  and i want to parse it in  to get the  and the  My Code:  The problem is that i always get UNDEFINED My Quest: How to parse the obj to get the  and the  of each Recipe," As you're already using the jQuery library, you might want to look at using the AJAX module in jQuery. It stops you worrying about the browser differences ( vs ) etc. You can then use the  method, and you'll receive a parsed response for you, making things slightly easier:  If you're adament you want to use jQuery.each, replace:  with:  Be vary aware that JavaScript is case sensitive;  and .",,0,345,0,0,1,1
1767,Converting UIImage image representation,"I am getting an UIImage from UIGraphicsGetImageFromCurrentImageContext, but they are very heavyweight memory wise.  the size of the image is almost as the size of the iPad screen, (a little smaller), and when I  do something like this:  It gives me like 700,000 in lenght. I'm guessing its a .7MB file? Anyway if there is some way to reduce the image size, please let me know.","If you wish to reduce quality, try using   Pass compressionQuality == 0.0 for maximum quality or compressionQuality == 1.0 for maximum compression.",1.0,1,849,0,0,1,1
1768,Clojure postgresql: how do I drop the database?,"Using clojure and clojure-sql with postgresql. I am trying to make a bootstrap function, so I want to drop all the tables in the db and then rebuild them cleanly.  As there are an arbitrary number of tables it would be nice if I could just drop them all at once.  However, this fails:  How do I issue a drop database command from a somehow modified connection?",Figured this one out from another question over here: How do I drop or create a database from clojure.java.jdbc? .   Finally!,,1,1504,0,0,1,0
1769,How to fix IE 8 whitespace bug for YUI 3.4.1 Tabview?,"I'm not sure what I am doing wrong here.  I have some basic markup.  I am using the , , , and  files for .  When I add a  to the larger section then there is a space beneath it in .   works fine.  Not sure why it is doing this, can someone please check?  When I remove the outer div then it is fine. My external css file:  Here is just a partial markup: ",I found that IE 8 has white space issues.  Read it here: http://jhop.me/ie8-bugs,,0,392,0,0,1,0
1770,GroundOverlay just like javascript in android,"I am trying to create a ground overlay similar as those available in web APIs provided by Google. I came across these on StackOverflow does-android-maps-support-ground-overlay android-google-maps-groundoverlay I have implemented both of them with a bit of tweaking, but problem is same with both of them. When area is large to cover especially when zoomed in at high levels I get VMBudget error and application crashes. I have tried all the tuning while scaling bitmaps for the overlay, like recycling and using BitmapOptions, but no success.  The sole issue is 16 MB VM Budget proves to be insufficient for the scaling at runtime more than 3500px image is required at max zoom in  my case and since draw() overlay calls almost every ms its eating up. I need a solution which can crop image to the screen size.","Well, I searched and I implemented everything I know. But I think the only way out of this, OSM Droid http://code.google.com/p/osmdroid/wiki/FAQ User tiles feature of the API and attain the required result",,0,446,0,0,0,0
1771,How can i convert double[][] array to String[][] array?,I work on it but i can't do that.This code has address output i want to convert to string array from double array. What is wrong with this code.  This is the output that i have: ,"You have several problems in this code. Here is a solution, more intuitive than what you have and will releave you from headache.  Explanation Within your method, you create a new  array of arrays with as much arrays as contained in your  parameter. As the sizes of each array can vary, we are not initializing it.  Then, we loop over all the arrays of doubles, convert them to  using  (we trim the  that are the first and last character of the output of this method) and split it to have an array of Strings.  Solution   Input   Output ",,0,1038,0,0,1,1
1772,"Java - what does ""(Customer) v.get(i)"" do?","I'm new to java, I have the code below (v is a vector) and I don't understand this:  (Customer) v.get(i)  Please explain to me .tks ","You don't show us how  is declared. In the following two lines there's a harmless bug:  On the first line a new Customer object is created, but it's never being used, and after the assignment on the following line - this object is eligible to garbage-collection.  These two lines can be substituted by:  The reason there is a need to use casting  is in case  is declared to hold a more general type object, and we need to cast it to  in order to assign it to  and use  properties and methods. For more about casting see  section.",0.0,-2,95,0,0,1,1
1773,How to scope to self?,"We have a web service that uses a Unit-of-Work pattern. The Unit-of-Work pattern needs to use the same  in several places. So our first idea was to scope the  to the request scope, like so:  Which worked just fine, until we needed to use two Unit-of-Work objects within the same Request Scope. Ops! We got back an error stating that the DbContext has already be disposed.  The  almost worked, therefore we think that we need to move the scoping rule from the  and apply some type of scoping rule the the  object instead. Here is our current attempt:  But how do we access the instantiated DbContextUnitOfWork from the ctx context object? We can access the  type (from ) but that doesn't seem to help us. In other words, I would like something like this:  Or is there a better way to achieve our desired out come? Update @Luke McGregor - Yes, the  consumes the  interface. I've also read about the Captive Dependency you suggested - thanks. However, in our case the  is the root node to our object graph, and we only want a single instance of the  per instance of each . For example: let's say that the UnitOfWork (call it service A) depends on Services B and C and these two services require an IStore (service D) then services B and C must share the same instance of service D. (As if service D is a singleton from service A's point of view.) Therefore, if I create two instances of UnitOfWork (A1 and A2) then the system should only contain two instances of service D (ie. D1 and D2).  Also, when A1 is disposed of, it's entire object graph is also disposed of, likewise with A2. Here a diagram of what we are trying to achieve.  Thus, A1's object graph is completely independent of A2's object graph yet, service D acts like a singleton within each of the respective object graphs. So, how would we configure the IUnitOfWork and/or the IStore to make this work?  Thanks.","After some more digging, we found exactly what we was looking for.  The Ninject.Extensions.NamedScope extension provides several new scoping rules, one of these is called the  and it appears to be working perfectly for our needs.",,0,46,0,0,1,1
1774,how to remove and add character/integer in python?," Actually what i wanna do is pre-processing this input, But i don't know how to process it. The problem is i would like to remove the 05_ , 08_ , 02_ and adding new integers like ""0858"" in front of 000129 using python language. is there any guidance to solve it?  This is the desired output: ",Adding  after last comma  Looking for  and removing two chars before  It could be done better. I leave it to you :),,-3,50,0,0,1,1
1775,AJAX callback no response in custom Drupal block,"I added a PhantomJS Capture module to my Drupal website. Test function showed my configuration works and I can use it from an administration interface. Now, I want to put it on a website, as a custom block so an end user could paste a website link and get screenshot of it back.  I implemented this piece of the code at the end of the module and form appears on a website.   However ajax callback is not firing on submit. How can I test this problem? Or is something wrong with my understanding of this module? This is all code I've got in phantomjs_capture.module, I haven't changed any other files. ","I got the solution on a different website provided by @zaporylie. The problem wasn't AJAX but my approach to the problem. In short, he suggested to create a new custom module dependent on PhantomJS Capture and then to declare a block. Here's working code with AJAX: phantomjs_capture_block.info  phantomjs_capture_block.module ",,0,594,0,0,1,1
1776,Finding a string length using recursion in javascript,Am trying to get a string length using recursion but couldn't get it can anyone help.  thank you ,"The basic idea of recursion is calling itself inside the function.       If you want to do it the trampoline way you were tyring, it is basically the same thing, just returning a function instead of calling it.       ",,-2,1143,0,0,0,1
1777,Django Grappelli_Nested Inlines cannot create new nested lines after initial load,"I am looking for a way to create a new nested row, before saving the ""owner""-row. By way of django ticket 9025 I found Grappelli-Nested-Inlines which I have been using.  I have a test project set up based on the instructions found at that link:  My issue is based in the fact that I cannot create a child object before saving the parent. That is to say, the ""add another c""-button has no functionality before saving B  Is there a way to achieve this? I have read through all the posts regarding this that I could find, but I have to say that if the answer is included anywhere, then I didn´t understand it, so please be patient with me. I should also note, that because of the production code, grappelli is a requirement, so anything that clashes with that will not work.",What i did was to take the templates that django-grappelli-inline provides and use them for use as a template in django-nested-inlines.  Where the templates are the ones from django-grappelli-inline,,2,382,0,0,1,1
1778,"List<List<KeyValuePair<string, string>>> to json in asp.net MVC 4?","I have a model like the following :   will fill dynamically in Controllers like the following :  I wanna convert the Model to JSON for sending through JsonResult. So, I expect something like the following in my JSON :  Could you please guide me, How can I convert the model to JSON ?","A  within  made up of  looks wrong to me, surely you want:  Assuming you are correct in wanting , most of this is automatic assuming you're using the Json.Net (Newtonsoft JSON) that is included with MVC4, the structure you're going to get is fairly similar.  It would default to something like: Help page for Serializing Collections  Your mention of 'Id' has no corresponding data with that value and would be determined by position within the JSON. If you truly want the ID part, you're going to have to supply a JsonConverter and project the collection out with your own logic (e.g. Id is off by one compared to the index).",,0,1117,3,0,1,1
1779,ios 7 tableView didSelectRowAtIndexPath shows blank data on first selection,"I have some apps designed for iOS 6 and today I went to upgrade them to iOS 7. They are a simple table view lists and when a record is selected it displays details about that row on another screen. This worked flawlessly in iOS 6. With iOS 7 when I select a row it shows a blank data page on the first selection. If I then go back to the list and reselect the item it then displays the proper data.. After this first blank display it will work fine for any other records..  I am racking my brain and can not for the life of me figure out why this is happening. Any ideas? CODE:  Also, the part that changes the button title Add to Favorites etc, does not change on the first item selection, it simply shows ""Item"". Thanks. UPDATE: So I narrowed it down to this piece of code:  If I remove the if clause then it happens on every selection. If I comment out the whole code I cant make any selections. So I imaging I have to find another way to initialize my view controller. Any ideas? Why did this work in iOS 6 then? ","NEW ANSWER: (9/25/13) I was bothered by the backwards hack that I had to do to get this to work, plus when I called the detailView from other screens I ran into a similar problem that was not fixed by this hack so I found another easier fix.. All I had to do was surround the commands that were used to set the values on the view in question within a asynchronous tag and viola! Everything worked.. Here is my solution:  So now as u can see the   is around the items to be set on the view. I got rid of all of the extra crap in the -ViewDidLoad section... perfect. OLD ANSWER: (9/24/13) Well, I got it to work. It is a total backwards hack but I'm results driven so I don't care. It does kind of upset me that this functionality has changed and needed this hack but whatever.. I hope this helps others who I am sure may be running into this. I left the above code alone and in the   section I added the following code:  What this does is instantiates the DetailViewController, displays it, then pops it. When the app loads it appears to be at the main screen, as expected, and when making a selection it now works on the first time because technically it is NOT the fist time... -LK",2.0,0,1924,3,0,1,1
1780,call a JQuery function from code behind in C#,I want to call this JQuery function from C# code behind but it is not work Here is the JQuery function  } and here is the code behind which i use  But it is not work,,1.0,1,26648,3,0,1,1
1781,How create JAVA SWING GroupBox similar in C#,I'm beginner JAVA. I'm using Swing tool for design GUI.  I'm looking for GroupBox container similiar in C# winform. Any Help... Thanks Guys.  Update ,You can use a  with a titled Border from the .  You can add any other components to the  and lay them out as you wish. The Border just frames them... Here is a more extensive tutorial which also explains different styles.,,0,5582,4,0,1,1
1782,Why the ip address value is and with int 255,I have a simple program to find my IP address and convert it to a String.  Why is the  value with  below? ," data type is based on Two's complement binary signed number representation with a value range from -128 to +127. Positive values from 0 to 127 have it's most significant bit equal to 0 representing . Here binary representation is the same as it's numeric value, for example  Negative values from -128 to -1 have it's most significant bit equal to 1 representing  However in negative range, Two's complement binary representation is NOT the same as it's numeric value, for example you would expect  to be equal to , but is actually . Simply casting a  to  won't help.   Casting just widens 1 byte to 4 btytes,   which is equal to -124, not 132, because  data type is also based on Two's complement. Casting  into  is a step in the right direction, however  you also need to get rid of all these ones in front.  trick achieves that.   This is what happens in : According to conversion rules defined in the the JLS  bitwise operator first converts it's operands to int, which means  is the same as . When byte is cast to int it just gets wider:   Then bitwise AND is performed.  Final result is an  ",1.0,1,832,4,0,1,1
1783,Using logarithms,"I am trying to to an equation to solve for the amount of time left on a loan based on a specific payment amount (above the normal amount). The equation is:  Now obviously this does not work, because I am unsure how to input logarithms.","Your code will work fine, provided a few conditions are met:  If you have to use  that way, place this statement above your class:  Otherwise, use  everywhere else you see . Technically you don't have to import anything in , but this is known as a static import - something that should only be done on occasion, and allows you to write your statement a lot cleaner. Make sure that all of your values are of type .  Otherwise, you'll get integer division, which can lead to  for some otherwise inexplicable reason. ",,0,73,4,0,1,1
1784,"what happens if float,double or even char value is passed in malloc",While studying in detail about malloc() I came across this strange behavior.  The program compiles with any of these statements with just a warning and returns a valid address. What's the real result here?,"All of those values are implicitly converted to  before calling the function, just as if you had an explicit cast.  The floating point numbers are truncated, and the  is interpreted as its numerical value in your character set.",,-4,120,5,0,1,1
1785,open file with full project path in eclipse,"This should not be too hard: I've got the path of a file relative to my project root (e.g. copied from the console: src/main/java/org/hello/World.java) and want to open this file in eclipse. I can't find how to do this. I can open a resource and give it ""world.java"", but I might have many world.java files and I already have the full path in my clipboard so why start searching again.",Use Ctrl+Shift+R and put  in front of the path (i.e. type Ctrl+Shift+R*/Ctrl+V),,4,770,5,0,0,1
1786,How to use iPython notebook with ngrok,(Maybe better ask on superuser?) iPython works fine if I use an ssh tunnel. Using ngrok iPython notebook loads I get an error about mathjax not loading. I can enter code into cells but if I try to execute I get no result but the kernel seems to be running. Basically nothing works. I have no idea if I am doing something wrong or if this just wont work. I am starting starting ngrok like this  and ipython notebook like  Then connect to the iPython session at  https://mysubdomain.ngrok.com,Author of ngrok here: ipython notebooks and any other websocket connections now work properly as of ngrok 0.22 which is available at https://ngrok.com/download,,0,1309,5,0,1,0
1787,Using Ctrl + [ instead of ESC in Vim,I want to train my self to avoid hitting the ESC button to exit Insert mode. I want to use Ctrl + [ instead. But after I put this in my .vimrc  I can't use Ctrl + [ either. How can I fix this?,"Vim cannot distinguish ESC and . If you , you will see:  but you can pull your ESC keycap out. :)",2.0,2,1406,6,0,1,1
1788,ANTLR: mismatched input,"I couldn't understand a bug in my grammar. The file, Bug.g4, is:  After running antlr4 and javac, I run   But if I instead use text: WORD in the grammar, things are okay. What's wrong?","When two lexer rules each match the same string of text, and no other lexer rule matches a longer string of text, ANTLR assigns the token type according to the rule which appeared first in the grammar. In your case, a  token can never be produced by the lexer rule because the  rule will always match the same text and the  rule appears before the  rule in the grammar. If you were to reverse the order of these rules in the grammar, you would start to see  tokens but you would never see a  token.",0.0,3,4392,8,0,1,1
1789,Facebook Login API HTTPS Issue,"The website I'm working on has a Facebook login option, but recently a user reported it wasn't working for them. I disabled my extensions etc, I got this error in my console:  Is there an option I can feed to the API that will get it to work on the same protocols? FYI, the primary website runs on HTTP (no S). It is especially odd because it seems like it stopped working all of a sudden (but it is possible this was always a problem as I am new and am learning this system). I have this code at the foot of my page: ","For what it's worth, I managed to fix this issue by converting to HTTPS (which is what I should have been doing anyway).",4.0,31,17695,-3,0,1,0
1790,how to return a value from js to html page in phonegap android,I am trying to create an autocomplete where it listview is crated dynamically from the data base for this i return the code in the js files from the listview is created filtered and then the selected list text is append to the input filed and the list is made hidden. I am apply the id to the listview who id issame as the id of the data in the table i amble to get the id of the selected list . what i want is to retrun the id of the select list to html page so that i can use it later to save it to the database I am using Jquery mobile autocomplete. here is the js code for autocomplete:  here is the html script code: ,"your logic looks fine, what's your problem? And you lack a ""}"" in the end of the js file.",,0,207,0,1,1,0
1791,"SQL: Using Max function and returning max per client, not overall","I am very new to using SQL and I am attempting to build my first query/report, and was hoping I could get some help on this (this seems to be the place to be for that!). Basically what I want to create is a report that shows when the last time an employee or contractor was paid. We have a database with all this information, I just want to return a distinct list of every person with their last pay date. What I end up getting is either a list of every pay we have made (Person1 is on the list 20+ times with each pay date), or a list with every person and the most recent paydate of anyone, not just that person. Here is what I have so far:  What this returns is a list of every employee with 8/30/2013 listed, which is the last time anyone has got paid, but not everyone. What am I doing wrong here with the Max function? I've tried a lot of different ways and no luck, must be missing something obvious here!","You need to try something like  The other way would be something like  Also note as the comment states, use more descriptive table names, as this will greatly improve maitainability later.",,1,92,0,1,1,1
1792,CentOS/Linux Permission error from apache web server when changing virtual directory permissions,"I have a need to create SSH accounts on my self managed hosted CentOS VPS. I want them to only have access to their own home directory. I would like to avoid a CHRoot Jail to keep things simple. I am hoping to achieve this with linux file permissions. What I have done so far:   I backed up existing permissions using the following: getfacl -R / > permissions.acl I ran an operation that would remove all world/other user access. chmod -R o-rx / (modify permissions on root recursively, remove read and execute on other/world group. Tested existing sites:   Sorry cant post images as I am new and have no reputation   Restored known working configuration.  Any idea why this could be happening? An ls -l on the folder in with the working configuration   An ls -l on the folder in the required configuration (This config causes the Forbidden error) ","apache user belongs to apache group too so if you don't give read & execute permission to that group so it becomes others i.e why you get forbidden error.  Thanks & Regards, Alok Thaker ",,0,1388,0,1,1,0
1793,Linear regression with product of factor and independent variable,"I am try to estimate a demand model:  The indices  are for week number,  are for product number. The demand for each product  depends on the general seasonality that is shared by all the products , and is a affine function of the price of the product in that week , plus some normal random error . However, if I use the following  function call, it gives me a single coefficient  for , when what I want is one coefficient per product  for .  What is the right way to express the model?  I am guessing that the above would work, and it but I can't find any documentation that tells me what is going on there. As a concrete example, I have the following code that runs, on a slightly different demand model      d_t^k = a_t + a^k - b^k p_t^k + e_t^k ","After doing some experimentation, it seems that  does work. I don't know why I hadn't thought it would work earlier.",,1,1360,0,0,1,1
1794,How to retrieve a static UITableViewCell not on screen yet,"I have a  with a bunch of static s which represent menu items. The cells are all defined in the storyboard When the  appears, I want to set the detail text for each cell with a value for that menu item. I have tagged all of the table cells and in , I retrieve all of the cells with . However, I am only able to retrieve cells that are already visible on the screen. I understand that the static table cells aren't loaded from the NIB until it's time for them to appear on the screen. Is there a way for force a  to load all of the cells in the beginning? I am thinking of using  to initialize the offscreen cells when they appear, but I'd rather not have separate ways of initializing the cells.  Update This table is used as a menu to select a list to look at. I am trying to show the count of the list items. On each menu item (table cell), I set the list ID as the tag in the NIB, along with the name of the list.  Retrieving the cell by tag  Another approach is to retrieve the static cells by index paths. This requires a mapping between listID and index path. However, the result is the same, because retrieving a static cell that is not yet on the screen returns nil. Retrieving by index path   EDIT: code added.","I solved this problem by saving the setting the label on the cell using  . At that point, the static cell has been loaded from the NIB. ",,2,215,0,0,1,1
1795,StringIndexOutOfBoundsException: String index out of range: -3,"When I'm compiling and running my tests, this message appears:  I think I've done something wrong with the substrings, but I can't figure out where. This should be tested:  This is my code: ","My guess would be that your exception occurs here:  If  is the first char of the filename (eg. ), the index will be  and the substring afterwards will be a string of size 0. Then you call  with  and it throws a . Make sure the string contain more than just the file type.  If you know that the input parameter always will contain a file extension you could prevent it like this:  You should get the  before you remove it to get the filename. After this line:   no longer contains the file extension.",,1,2975,0,0,1,1
1796,Eager Loading Include a List of element in a lambda expression,"Hi I am trying to use eager loading by specifying a list of elements that need to be included.This is the expresion I have written:  I am not sure if what I have written is correct and will do what I am expecting and I can not test the application for some time because there are a long series of compile errors ,because of some model changes, that need to be corrected before the application is tested. This is what I believe this expression will do please correct me If I am wrong:  For Each elements in the List resulted in AksAssumptionData get the   MortalityTableMainInsuredMale and Include it  If this is not correct then how can I achieve what I just sayd in a lambda expression?","  should be a list of  ... why would you have a list of lambda expressions? You are using Include as if it's a singleton ... not a good design, in my opinion.  is supposed to return an , according to the signature, but what do you expect the string to contain?  You aren't returning a string from the function.  You are just using  to do nothing - it will give you a compile error.  You should use an ordinary  and use , or just  but what Include is returning is not an , it's a . It doesn't make any sense.  Even if you returned  from  properly it would just contain the lambda expression you passed in.  So it does nothing. ",,-1,149,0,0,1,1
1797,using GetText to translate wordpress using variables instead of default language,"I want to make my wordpress theme translation ready. I was thinking to use GetText function within wordpress like:  But I was thinking, what happens when I want to change default English 'sometext', I have to go to different php files (where I used ) find all instances and replace it with  ? Or in my PO file I just make English column, use  in wp php files, but in PO file specify 'sometext2'?","I would use something similar to the concept of constants, e.g:  TXT_ABOUT_INTO will be like a placeholder, and you will need to create a translation file for English as well as for other languages.",,0,819,0,0,1,1
1798,Which web development framework is the right one for me?,"I'm a college student trying to make a web community with friends. Although we are not experienced developers by any means, we have taken courses on JAVA and some web programming languages (PHP, JAVASCRIPT, CSS, HTML). At this point, we need to decide on a web framework and begin learning. I have narrowed down my list to Ruby on Rails and Codeigniter, but I am really not sure why I should pick one over the other. Thanks in advance.","If there is no time constraint (as you need to learn both ruby lang and rails framework) and want to know the best practices, i would recommend RubyonRails.   If you have time constraint, then go ahead with Codeigniter. It is easy to learn and well documented.",,-1,147,0,0,0,0
1799,Why can't EWL Development Utility find Microsoft.Web.Administration assembly?,"Here is the error:  System.IO.FileNotFoundException: Could not load file or assembly 'Microsoft.Web.Administration, Version=7.0.0.0, Culture=neutral, PublicKeyToken=31bf3856ad364e35' or one of its dependencies. The system cannot find the file specified.  The machine that gets this error has Microsoft.Web.Administration version 7.9.0.0 installed, but not version 7.0.0.0. The reference to this assembly from EWL is to version 7.0.0.0 but has Specific Version = False. Could this be an IIS Express issue? I know that EWL has never been tested with IIS Express. The machine is running Windows XP.","""Specific Version"" in Visual Studio is only used at build-time, not run-time, which explains why version 7.9.0.0 of the assembly was not automatically loaded. See https://stackoverflow.com/a/1232955/35349. Version 7.0.0.0 of Microsoft.Web.Administration was not present on the machine because it's running Windows XP, which doesn't include, or even support, IIS 7.",,0,2071,1,0,0,0
1800,SQL Server Sould I create a login for each user (different from the concept 'user' in sql server),"I'm simulating a e-commerce platform, user registers and it can be a normal user(buys products only) or a shopkeeper(owns a shop on the platform and sells products to all the users including the normal users and shopkeepers). and I wonder if a user registers, should the system creates a login(CREATE LOGIN @login_name WITH PASSWORD = @password) and a user(CREATE @usr_name FOR LOGIN @login_name) for it? and is it possible that all the functions are implemented as a dbo and integrate them to a client application(desktop client or web app)?",unless you are giving the end users direct access to the DB - then users should be maintained and provisioned for your web app only and not allow access to the DB. What you could do (and probably should) is create a tiered user level of accounts for the DB so that you are not just always using the sysadmin to run your simple retrieval / update queries from your web app - just my opinion  (moved from comment to answer) ,,0,67,1,0,0,0
1801,GoogleMap in hidden div off center,"I use GoMap jQuery plugin for Google map. The div with the map is hidden by default. I almost figured how to display the map correctly, but somehow I'm unable to center the map after I reveal the div. I tried every solution I was able to find, right now I have the code below, which still doesn't work right. Anyone could help me with this? Thanks.  ","Your solution is almost perfect, but by default the map will pan to make the infoWindow visible, what will change the center. You may disable the AutoPan: ",,0,403,1,0,1,1
1802,Is it mandatory to have broadcast receiver as a separate file?,"I have declared an activity and a broadcast receiver in my manifest file, however, I have the code for  in my activity as a separate public class. When I try to trigger a broadcast from the adb command line I get a  error.  My question is, is it mandatory to have the  as a separate class in a separate file ?  below is manifest file ","Short answer: Yes it needs to be a different Class. And in a separate file. Long answer: Since your BroadcastReceiver must be a subclass of BroadcastReceiver and your Activity must be a subclass of Activity and Java does not allow multiple inheritance and Activity and BroadcastReceiver are not related in a suitable fashion. Yes, it has to be two classes.  It seems to have to be in its own file too. I tried it and the system cannot find the BroadcastReceiver if it is an inner class. public or not. ",1.0,2,615,1,0,1,0
1803,calling a method when closing console,"Is there a way to force C# compiler, visual studio 2010, to call a method whenever the user closes the console ? I know that this can be done in windows forms by some sort of event handling or using dispose methods, but what about console, is there any similar way to be able to call a method when closing it ?","You don't need a special technique in most cases...just add the routine you were thinking to the end of the program; well you can write your program in such a manner. However, if you still need to handle it there is a Ctrl+C mechanism or what is called CancekKeyPress event triggered.  Check this",,6,1090,1,0,0,0
1804,mysql Compress() with sqlalchemy,table: id(integer primary key) data(blob) I use mysql and sqlalchemy. To insert data I use:  I would like to insert to table like that:  How can I do this using sqlalchemy?,"you can assign a SQL function to the attribute:  Here's an example using a more DB-agnostic lower() function:  you can make it automatic with @validates:  if you want it readable in python before the flush, you'd need to memoize it locally and use a descriptor to access it.",1.0,6,1493,1,0,1,1
1805,Need some help on Serial Port Transmission,"i'm currently using DS89C450 MCU on Keil C51 Programming.  I have an Infrared Receiver attached to P3^2 which is the falling edge trigger. Whenever I press a key on the remote control, it will trigger the interrupt and save it into the xdata X or Y (bit by bit then byte by byte for 500 bytes). I'm trying to transmit the data bit (either '1' or '0') from the buffer to the hyperterminal via Serial Port. However, I do not get any data displayed when I press the remote control.  Can anyone expert tell me why and how do i get it to work? The program is here: http://pastebin.com/hpAw2ipH","Google ""Terminal by br@y"", it can show serial comms in HEX. Most UARTs cannot send a single bit, rather they will send a character of N bits, usually 7 or 8, with start/stop/parity bits (8-bits, no parity, 1 stop bit being the universal default). It can make life easier to encode data as ASCII, perhaps even with start/stop characters, so you know when you're getting real data. For even more detail, use an oscilloscope, BusPirate or LogicSniffer (from DangerousPrototypes.com) to sniff the communications data.",1.0,2,487,1,0,0,0
1806,"attaching preventDefault; to .live('click', function( )","i keep getting a sytax error when trying to add   to     im not sure how to combine it when using , i know its somthing really simple but i just cant get it, any helps much apreciated",Its simple: ,,0,179,1,0,1,1
1807,Syntax error in awk while sorting the fields,"Hi all,                   I am using awk in order to print  the output, sort them and then store it in a file but when I insert the sort command I am getting a syntax error.. Here is my below code .. Could you ppl please let me know If I am going the things correctly CODE  ","This should work, change:   to  and the same change for your other . I.e., enclose your whole  command inside double quotes.",,1,154,1,0,1,1
1808,How to shrink external java libs?,"I'm writing an applet, which uses ~10 external libraries. Together they occupy more than 2 megabytes. In some libs we use only 1-2 classes, so a lot of others can be safely deleted. So the question is how to remove unused classes from jar libraries?  A lot of other questions link to Proguard. But it doesn't process libraries (or I am doing something wrong) and also ruins parts of code which use reflection.",You could use the maven-shade-plugin and tell it to build a minimized jar file that combines your code and libs.,1.0,2,1415,1,0,0,0
1809,how we can change the title alignment in a form,"I m creating a form in layout.I want to align the title in centre. example: Registration. Here is a simple code.  i want that title ""Settings"" in center",you can simply wrap title inside a div tag and do whatever you want : ,,0,44,0,0,1,1
1810,Android AdMob: addView doesn't show ad until return to activity,"I'm trying to add a banner ad to the top of my game. My activity uses a RelativeLayout with a custom SurfaceView. I want the ad to overlap the SurfaceView. The ad loads and is clickable, but is not drawn to the screen. When I leave the activity and return, the ad IS drawn (e.g. by pressing the home button and then returning to the app through the recents menu). It's not a matter of waiting for the ad to load, as 1) the ad doesn't display if I wait, and 2) the ad is clickable even though it is not visible. Here is my layout code:   The code that loads the ad is posted as a Runnable to the UI thread by the RenderThread when the RenderThread is first run. Does anyone have any ideas how I can make the ad show straight away? Or why the ad will only be drawn when I return to the activity? I've tried calling forceLayout() / requestLayout() on the RelativeLayout but this doesn't help. I also tried calling invalidate() on the view. Thanks, Tom.  EDIT I added an AdListener to the AdView and can confirm that onAdLoaded is being called. The ad is loaded but not visible. What works: I make another adLoad request in the onAdLoaded callback, and then the ad shows up. So the ad only shows up after the second request I make. Anyone know what's going on here?","You have told your SurfaceView to match_parent it's height, so I not surprised that your AdView has no room. Suggest you use a LinearLayout instead of a RelativeLayout and have the SurfaceView use a   so that you AdView is shown, but the SurfaceView expands to fill the remaining space.",1.0,6,4458,0,0,1,1
1811,WordPress - DOM Structure Disparity between Homepage and Archives Page,"Just started learning WordPress, and I've run into a problem I can't figure out. I'm trying to use WP for the News section of my website. So I want to keep all my styles and structure, but add WP comments, archives, etc. The problem is that WP appears to be interpreting the DOM differently on the Archives page than on the homepage. Here's what I intend the basic HTML structure to be with the WP elements added in:   has its opening tag in header.php, and closing tag before the footer in footer.php.  has its opening tag in content.php, and its closing tag after the comments in comments.php. This works great for the homepage:  But the archive page is producing nested  within the parent , resulting in a russian-doll effect:  I know it's hard to pin-point a problem when you don't have access to all the code, but as you know, there's LOTS of it, so hopefully there is a wordpress expert out there, and I'm just making an obvious mistake :) ","I figured it out, and I don't think anyone could've made this leap without much more information. In order to show the comments on the homepage I added this code to index.php (in the while loop):  Since my  ends AFTER the comments, I had to add that code to the while loop of archive.php as well. I didn't have the closing tag, since the comments weren't there.",,1,38,0,0,1,1
1812,SVG as background image,I'm exporting a vector (logo) from Illustrator as SVG (1.1) The vector has no gradient or transparency. When I use the SVG as background image in my CSS Nothing is shown but when I visit the image link (http://www.something.com/logo.svg) it shows me the image perfectly. The CSS  The HTML  By the way when I try to use the svg in img element it does not work. Any idea why is not showing my SVG when using as css background? Thanks,"Ok I found the problem. It was about the server, I just added SVG support in my .htaccess  Thank you",1.0,2,654,0,0,1,1
1813,How does a website post client-side scripting code examples without getting executed on client machine?,I am studying Security and wanted to know the general approach to retrieve and display code to client after it is safely encoded and stored in the database.,"The following code is JS that will alert  :  The above code can be displayed on a web page by replacing the  with  and  with  :  The above will display as code, but won't execute on client side.",,0,47,0,0,0,1
1814,Aligning text to right bottom of an image,I'm using the following code to align a caption to the right bottom of an image. The code works well.  I was wondering if it was possible to rewrite it without specifying the min-width of the picture container (.picture class). With no width the caption shifts down when resizing the browser window:  Any ideas? Thanks in advance,"I found the solution. I used display: inline-block on both the image and the caption, and white-space: nowrap on the container: ",,0,122,0,0,1,1
1815,virtual value total_price is saved as 1 instead of total price number," of all products in  is not saving as it should be. it shows always 1, no matter what the total price actually is. this problem got in after installing the money gem and google_currency gem so I can change the price itself of the product based on locale selected not only the currency. so the total price is always 1, but at the same time the amount of money that I have on screen during the shopping process shows the right number,I mean if I select 2 products with price A and B, then in cart (on screen) I have the right total_price = A+B.. more than this, when I press to create the order after I fill in the fields for credit card, the ActiveMerchant sends the data to paypal and the amount of USD that goes to paypal is the total_price that I have in cart A+B..  the problem is: why the app takes the right  and sends it to paypal, but at the same time can not store this  in the database on order create, it saves 1 instead. what console says when I create order:  order_transaction details:  a few details on how the order is created: orders_controller.rb  note if I activate the raise inspect line in controller I get    error, where 4200 is total_price for 2 selected products in this case. 42.00 USD. this is one more evidence that total_price formula works fine up to the point when the app needs to store it in the database. Total price:  is formed in cart.rb and line_item.rb line_item.rb  cart.rb  EDIT the  field type in database is now integer(11), but I tried the decimal(10,0) to store the price in cents and it didn't work anyway, I got always total price of 1USD. the price for  are decimal(10,0). really big thank you for helping.. might be useful for future developers that got into this. Any other information you might need, just let me know.","Well, I changed the field of  from  to  type and it is working now fine. I have the right amount sent to paypal, and the right amount in the orders created for the user. Before using  it was working well with  field type.",,2,156,0,0,1,1
1816,How to remove duplicate elements from 2 XML files?,"I have a XML that I am parsing to my database, this XML size is about 10MB, and it contains few millions of elements. Every 30-60 seconds its being updated, but only several elements, not all of it. In order to parse it in the fastest way to the database, I developed a function to remove the duplicate elements from the 2 XML files, here's the code:  The problem is, it works great for small XML files, but for large XML files (10MB) it takes 100% CPU for 2-5 minutes. Do you have any idea how can I improve it and make it better? I am kinda hopeless. Thanks!","It sounds like you only wish to remove elements in  if they also exist in , but not the other way around. The issue you're facing is that you're performing very inefficient searches. If you have a few million records you're effectively searching though a few million squared records. Instead you should use dictionaries, rather than lists, to vastly speed up your algorithm. Try this:  Yes, that's it. I've tested this on some dummy data ad it worked fine. doc1:  Initial doc2:  Final doc2: ",,0,2040,0,0,1,1
1817,Asp.net mvc entity framework code first associate foreign key with different name,How can I associate a foreign key with different names here: createdby in post and UserID in users table. ,"Your mapping is correct - especially the  attribute, you don't need to change anything. In a foreign key relationship in Entity Framework the dependent (= ) and its foreign key always refers to the primary key of the principal (= ) - and the primary key is  - by convention and also because you have marked it with the  attribute. There is nothing you need to specify anymore. Your relationship is optional (0..1-to-many) because the foreign key  is nullable (). So there can be posts in the database which haven't been created by any user. If you don't want this, you can make the relationship required by using a non-nullable foreign key property ().",,0,630,0,0,1,1
1818,Operation aborted error on redirect in IE6,I have a problem in IE6. I redirect http://example.com to https://example.com using php  function. It works well in FF and IE > 6 but it gives this error in IE6 in a alert box:  Why does this error appear?,"It was because of some js scripts. I added ' defer=""defer"" ' to  tags and the problem solved.Hope it help other people with the same problem.",,0,381,0,0,1,0
1819,Twitter Widget doesn't work in IE8 when inside an iFrame,"I'm using a Twitter widget and it works fine in IE8, until I put it inside an iFrame. The twitter widgets Javascript file is being loaded from within the iFrame, and as I said it works perfectly on it's own. Any ideas?","After a lot of testing it seems that the order in which the JavaScript is loaded was causing the problem. I had a lot of JavaScript on the page, and after moving the Twitter script tag above all other javascript or css tags in the head of my document it worked!",,1,898,0,0,0,0
1820,Jquery Custom DropDown Does Not Work On Internet Explorer,I wrote a bit of code to replace jquery dropdowns to those found in twitter bootstrap. http://jsfiddle.net/xuAQv/6/ Unfortunately the code just does not run correctly in IE versions 9 or less. I have no idea how to debug the code and after trying to lint the code am still having issues. Thanks in advance!,Solved it. It was an internet explorer issue with Jquery Prepend. For anyone that is interested the code is now on jsfidde: http://jsfiddle.net/xuAQv/13/,,0,303,0,0,0,0
1821,How do I escape a RegEx?,I have a Regex that I now need to moved into C#.  I'm getting errors like this  I am using Regex.Escape -- but obviously incorrectly.   How is this correctly done?,"The error you are getting is due to the fact that your string contains invalid escape sequences (e.g. ). To fix this, either escape the backslashes manually or write a verbatim string literal instead:   would be used when you want to embed dynamic content to a regular expression, not when you want to construct a fixed regex. For example, you would use it here:  You do this because  could very well include characters that have special meaning in a regex, such as dots or parentheses. When  is hardcoded (as in your example) you can escape those characters manually.",,0,340,0,0,1,1
1822,Framesets and leftnavigation pane e.g,"How to use framesets in such a way that there is a left pane which is of navigational purpose, i.e by clicking on a link in left pane one can navigate to the corresponding page in the middle frame?  I could get that target attribute can be used to achieve this. can anyone help me with the same.","Thanks user1370510, got a nice tutorial for Html frames, sharing the same for anyone else coming with the same question:- http://www.htmlcodetutorial.com/frames/frames_famsupp_5.html",,0,51,0,0,0,0
1823,How to animate a uibezierpath to make it stand out,"Part of my iPad app allows users to draw paths to connect different parts of the screen. They all have the same color (white) and line width. Each path is represented as a UIBezierPath. Besides their locations, they look identical. Since users are only editing one path at a time, I want to make it so that they can visually see which path they are editing. Is there a way to animate the path, so that the user has a visual queue about which path they are editing? I'm thinking that maybe the current path could glow or have moving dotted lines. I don't want to change the base color, since I use many colors in the other parts of application (pretty much all major colors except white).","I haven't done this in an animated way, but I make my currently drawing paths have dashed lines, and then solid once the drawing ends.  I subclassed NSBezierPath, and added a selected property. The setSelected method looks like this:  I set the property to YES in the mouseDragged: method, and then to NO in mouseUP:  ",,0,614,0,0,0,1
1824,TO_DATE Conversion Issue in Oracle?," In  the start_date field value contains the date as ,    has the value of the ,  has the value of  ,  has the value of . I want to merge this columns into a string from that. I am going convert into date format like . But it throws the error . What is the issue on this.. Can any help me how to convert into date format with my above requirment. "," IF schedule.start_date is truncated at 00:00 and you have time info in the columns start_time_hour and start_time_minutes(bad design - you don't need these columns, DATE type has time itself.) you can do this: ",,0,2078,0,0,1,1
1825,iOS storyboard localization,"I want to localize my storyboard. Few of the views in my app have to be localized, previously I used to create two views and choose one with   but i dont know how should i do it with the storyboard. Do i have to make different  storyboards for different languages??",got the answer.. just added a localization language to storyboard and a new storyboard was made for new language.. :),,0,625,0,0,1,0
1826,How do I store multiple tables of data in one Javascript object?,"I'm using jQuery but I'm not sure if it's easier with just Javascript. The variables are going to be fairly large full of data (a few megabytes). It's going to be:  I'm not sure what code is necessary to get it into this format though. I'm basically reading from many html tables that have rows and columns of data in each table, and i want to combine everything into one variable to print at the end on the screen when I am done.","Using JSON you should have something like this:  And, to access the second column, of the first row of the Nth table, you will have: ",,0,537,0,0,1,1
1827,Zip files is not getting created,I am trying to add files into a zip by sending the file names from a HTML form. The HTML code is  The PHP I tried in two ways Method 1:  Method 2:  But the Zip File is not getting created. I tried to check the Zip syntax with static code for $filetozip as  It worked. But when the data is from another HTML page dynamically it does not work. What is the error in my code?,Found the problem. There is no problem in my logic.  As I said previous the data for the $filename variable is received from a HTML for in which any spaces are replaced by %20 intentionally by me. The reason for such replacement is to enable links to the file using the data. But if the space is replaced by %20 zipArchive::addFile() does not add the zip file which ultimately result in Zip creation fail.,,0,988,0,0,1,1
1828,How can I use devise invitable when my app allows many logins via the same email address?,"My website allows people to register multiple accounts with the same email address, separated by domain name. This is done with an additional column domain_id in the user table. In order to be able to use devise_invitable, I need it to check for existing users by email and domain_id. Currently the initializer will only allow me to specify a single key. Is there any way to override this? The following is what I would like to use in the initializer, but it throws up the error underneath. ",This feature has now been added to Devise Invitable. https://github.com/scambra/devise_invitable/issues/185,,2,639,0,0,1,0
1829,JMapViewer ADD tiles for offline view,"Hello I'm using this sample in Java to try to load OpenStreetMaps Offline tiles, for example I have my tiles on C:/OSM/tiles/ but I need to know how to add this information in map (JMapViewer) class to load tiles locally. Thank you very much for your help this is my source: ",I compile by the source directly and change     \org\openstreetmap\gui\jmapviewer\tilesources\AbstractOsmTileSource.java  Here is the source code inside JMapViewer.zip/JMapViewer_src.jar extract the Jar file and copy the folder /org in the mail source code folder http://svn.openstreetmap.org/applications/viewer/jmapviewer/releases/2011-02-19/JMapViewer.zip and change the next ,,2,6141,0,0,1,1
1830,[MS ACCESS]Generate a result column based on the content of other columns?,"I want to be able to generate some feedback columns based on the content of other columns, for example. how can I accomplish this in access? Columns Crew, Date, and Trade are predetermined from the source table, Pass/Fail and Cause would be generated with the new addition. ",Use  to check if any or all 3 columns are  and with  return the result columns:  Results: ,,0,19,0,0,1,1
1831,Writing a function for a data frame,I am a very new R user and struggling with writing a function. I would like to write a function for the sample data frame below where the text “Number of students” is printed for each remark category with the corresponding number of students in each category. ,Here is one way to do this. The function takes the data frame as an argument: ,,0,37,0,0,1,1
1832,from minutes to daily values returns NA,I have data received by every minute and I want to compute the daily change in the value . I am trying:  and I receive NA values: ,Not every date can be lagged. Some won't have previous dates. You can use the  parameter in lag. Or  in .  ,,0,22,0,0,1,1
1833,Why does this file prevents me from merging my branch?,"I have a Git repo with LFS installed and working properly. On my  branch, I renamed an image file (tracked by LFS) from  to  with the Windows file Explorer. I committed, pushed onto GitLab, and it went great. Then, in another instance of this repo on my computer (this repo is on another branch called , I ran , and  to get and merge the modifications I just made in the other instance. This is where I have troubles understanding what's happening: the merging failed with this error:  And this added the new file in the unstaged modifications:  In my incomprehension, I tried to , but the file was still here. I tried to , but the file was still here. I deleted the instance, cloned back, and tried again the same process, still same problem. I tried to stage the file I wanted to have, committed it and pushed it. Now the file doesn't show up anymore in the unstaged files list, but i still can't merge because of this same error aforementioned (). Finally, a friend of mine told me to try  before merging, unfortunately, nothing changed (same for global config). ","Okay so the only thing I found was to reset the branches before the file was renamed, with  and  to update the remote.  WARNING: keep in mind that this latter command is very dangerous if you work with several people. Given that I'm the only one with a friend on this project, it was easy to tell him to clone the project back and avoid bigger errors.  After having erased from the history the faulty commits, I renamed the file once again with  instead of using Windows' file explorer. It worked well, apparently, I have no more issue with the file. But still, this is not a real solution to the issue, more like a workaround. I'll keep my answer as the best solution until someone finds something else.",,1,613,0,0,1,1
1834,How to commit status to DB within @Transactional annotated method?,"I am using JPA through Hibernate in Spring. I need to process a lot of data in a @Transactional method. The process may take quite some time, so I want to query and display the progress on my front-end. ""50 of 1000 items have been processed"", etc.  But how can I commit the process status into DB during data is being processed within a @Transactional annotated method? It may work by making a remote call, any other better ways? Thanks in advance.","You don't need a query for the update status. You can use JMS to push progress notifications so the UI can consume them while the transaction is still running (AJAX progress bar + a REST service which can consume the JMS updates). If you don't want JMS you can use any other messaging technology for this task. You cam even use a Cache for setting the update progress and read it in some other thread.  You can even write your own mechanism backed by a java.util.concurrent blocking queue. Bottom line, you don't need the db for monitoring the progress of that batch processing job.",,0,675,1,0,0,0
1835,Filtering on multiple parameters,"I want to filter on multiple parameters in crystal reports through combo box but the problem is one filter is active at a time.  Here is the code of index change of both combo boxes:  And here is record selection formula:  One more thing in above formula: if I check  first and then check  in this case  filtering is working, but if I check  first then , filtering works fine.",you can do this by this way... ,1.0,1,91,1,0,1,1
1836,Windows Phone 8.1 Page Navigation Method,"I have gone through some code and got familiar with Navigation Service in Windows Phone 8.1. But I need this code to declare in my Base Page to use it every where in all other pages, declaring the code only one. For example, from the following code,  I just pass the Uri of the page in NavigateToPage(PageUri) to achieve my target. But how i could i achieve this in Windows Phone 8.1. This is what I tried,  But I couldn't use sourcePage here. May be I am doing wrong with the Type of parameter. Can anyone answer this?",Why not this: ,,0,233,1,0,1,1
1837,Load .ser file which is inside my project explorer,"Load .ser file which is inside my project explorer  I've been working around with file paths and Serialization and all is well, however with my current code my file path was simply the file name (""Students.ser"") which would obviously save the files outside the project which isn't too good(unorganized). I've been searching and trying to mess about the file paths to get the current path inside my project in order to keep the collections here.   Here's a more graphical idea of what I'm trying to say:      I don't want to hardcore the entire path as that is just an easy way around what I'm trying to do, I simply want it to create the file within the project itself.","If you want to read the files, just use  And use the provided stream to deserialize your objects.",,0,207,1,0,0,1
1838,Nested attributes form error message customization,"I have the following model     and the following strong parameters:   and the following new.html.erb  In shared/error_messages   The problem as shown in the picture is that it says something like ""Org credential password is too short"" when I only want it to say ""Password is too short."" I'm quite new to rails and I feel like I have to iterate through the error hash to spit out ""Password is too short,"" but i'm not quite certain if this is the only way to do it or if there is an easier way. I hope someone who may have ran into the same problem can enlighten me on how they solved it. Thank you!  ","Associations Firstly, you need to be aware that Rails requires  for the association name definitions - and  for the Class Names:  -- Messages In regards to your error messages, and as  recommended, you need to consider that you can define custom error messages for your validations You can do that using the the following:  This will give you custom messages, however, there is a sticking point with Rails, in that it's difficult to get the attribute name to be customized.  If you wanted to show the messages only, you'll be best using something like this (live code): ",1.0,-1,875,1,0,1,1
1839,How to insert Padding on an image drawable?,"I am combining two images using .   Everything is working fine, but the problem is Padding.  I want to set padding on only one of the drawables, either bitMapDrawable_1 or bitMapDrawable_2. The Two image files are :    Now , i want this :   But , i m having this one :  "," In here, basicly, we are wrapping your bitmapDrawable with layerlist and using its padding attribute. Next, we are going to use this wrapper drawable. Good luck.",,1,306,2,0,1,1
1840,Using cURL commands in Android,"I have the following cURL command and I would like to execute the same thing from Android,  This is what I made for Andorid,  When I ran the application I get the whole page as a response instead of the desired JSON array. I'm new in cURL and I have no idea what's going wrong with the code. ","Use JSONObject instead of just a List of name/value pairs. Use a StringEntity instead of a UrlEncodedFormEntity. Build a JsonObject wrapping your KV strings and then use a 'writer' to dump the Object to a string in the form of a StringEntity on the POST request in httpclient.  some relevant code using ""Jackson"" for the JsonObj implementation and httpclientandroid.   testing with curl -VERBOSE first then just reimplement exactly the curl in android is a very good technique as long as you are able to turn on LOGGER in the android httpclient that gives you HEADER / WIRE level logging when you need to verify that your android does EXACT or almost exact what your Curl client was doing.  example below of a curl expression followed by Android logs (WIRE/HEADERS) showing android analogs of the same stuff you sent using Curl.    When you get used to turning on/off your android logs, anything you do in Curl for connection tests, you can then just implement in android httpclient and it will work as long as you put basically same headers, mimetype, post body (JsonAsString) in your android. ",,4,4942,2,0,1,1
1841,Two-channel recording on the iPhone/iPad: headset + built-in mic,"For an app, we have a requirement to record from two different audio sources. One mic is a special (throat) mic and it comes with the same connector that the iPhone headset with mic uses. On a second channel, we would like to record the ambient sounds and the best thing would be if we could just record from the iPhone's/iPad's built-in mic at the same time as we record from the throat mic headset. Is there any way this is possible? Any other tips?",The OS currently only allows an app to connect to one audio source route at a time.  The only way to record 2-channels on a stock iOS device is by using an Apple USB to Lightning connector (Camera Connection kit on older models) with a standard USB stereo ADC or an audio mixing panel which has multiple mic inputs.,1.0,4,4094,2,0,0,0
1842,Keeping the order of records in Hive collect,"I have a  table as follows:  I'm trying to  the data based on the  value. I need the collected data to be following the same order for each row. My expected output is as follows: (any order is fine as long it's the same for all the rows):  I used the  UDF from Brickhouse.  As you can see, the order of the columns is not being kept. Is there any way to keep the ordering constant throughout the output? Any tips will be appreciated.","Use this query  Output as below,  Basically modified   to  ",3.0,2,9441,2,0,1,1
1843,InvocationTargetException when trying to read powerpoint file attachment from lotus notes documents,"I have a lotus notes hava agent that retrieves slide data from powerpoint files attached in lotus notes documents with the help of Apache POI. Sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn't, and if it doesn't work, here's the common error stack trace. Java Console:  Code Snippet:  As you can see, the error is thrown on the  The attachment it read is only 1155 KB.","Promoting a comment to an answer... The key bit in your exception is  Caused by: java.lang.OutOfMemoryError: Java heap space  This seems to be being caused by you using the default JVM heap size, and a very small default at that Just bump up the maximum java heap size, and you should then be fine!",,0,488,2,0,1,0
1844,Set webbrowser audio to stream to media player so it can be used in background on windows phone 8,"I am making a netradio app on windows phone, my problem is that netradio uses the  audio format and native media player in Windows Phone does not support RTSP. As a workaround, I have to navigate to a webpage that then handles the audio. This works fine, and plays the radio, but the problem is that as soon as the app is put in the background the music stops.  Is there a way to keep the webbrowser audio playing?",You could use the  within your solution as another project where you could go through a sample here. And also the sample from  you can try the . https://phonesm.codeplex.com/ Hope it helps!,,1,401,2,0,1,1
1845,SFTP Read all files in directory,"I have created a successful connection using SFTP  I also created a directory folder under  like:  Now i want to read all file/folder names under host directory, I do not see any appropriate method or example. thanks",Done it using this ..  ,2.0,3,5569,3,0,1,1
1846,Remove timestamp element from ws-security headers created by WCF,"I am consuming an old Java web service from WCF that requires the request in the form:  Using the following config hack ""works"" but I don't want the username and password exposed in config:  What I want to use is something along the lines of:  But this generates the  element in the security element, which the java webservice borks on. What I need to do is remove the timestamp from the XML it generates or have some sort of custom binding to do it for me.  I tried creating custom credentials, but this only changed the  element. I have already looked at many, many SO questions (many from 2007 and earlier) including the following with no joy:  Remove Timestamp element from Security How to make WCF Client conform to specific WS-Security  What is the best, simplest and most elegant way to remove the timestamp element. Thanks in advance",Found the answer on Kristian Kristensen's blog post about his woes in integrating to a Java AXIS 1.X and WSS4J web service.. So much simpler and easier than the hacks I was trying previously. You can solve this with a simple custom binding in App.config as so: BUGFIX - there is a bug in previous version - forgot to add certificate in httpTransport  This gives the correct SOAP ws-security header without the timestamp that confused the java server just by calling this code  Further Reading:  Source of links to answer - Kjell-Sverre Jerijærvi's blog Where I found the actual answer - Kristian Kristensen's blog ,2.0,4,5008,3,0,1,1
1847,Convert PDF to GRAYSCALE format for printer from linux command line,"I'm trying to convert a PDF document to Grayscale, because I need the printer to recognize each page containing colors or not. I'm using ghostscript from linux command line.  I convert PDF to PS to grep all the informations:  pdftops -level3sep input.pdf  It generates a .ps file: input.ps  I convert this PS file to PDF again, converting it to grayscale with ghostscript: gs -o output.pdf -sDEVICE=pdfwrite -dColorConversionStrategy=/Gray -dProcessColorModel=/DeviceGray input.ps  This command generates a PDF file.  When I open this last file, I see that all the pages are in grayscale. The command to test color pages says that are in grayscale, too:  For each page, it returned me CMYK values:  and so on... CMYK: 0,0,0,[something] -> each page is in grayscale. But when I go to print the document, the printer recognizes each page as sRGB and count them as color pages, not as grayscale pages. If i check each page with this script, it returns me that all the pages are sRGB, too:  The result is:  So the question is: how can I do to make the printer (rather than the script) recognize the pages as grayscale? Is there a method through linux command line that allows me to do it? Thanks in advance","I forgot to post the solution. I'm so sorry. The problem was not related to the conversion by GhostScript, but to the software used to open the PDF file. With the Chrome embedded PDF reader I had this problem, while with the original Adobe Reader plugin (overridden on chrome through chrome extensions) I was able to print correctly in greyscale and to let the printer recognize the format. I hope this will help people with the same issue",,2,2124,1,0,1,0
1848,How can I change the Web server that the NetBeans profiler uses?,"NetBeans 8.2 profiler uses the web-server that comes with the IDE: Tomcat 8.0.27.0. I added the Tomcat of another version that interests me to IDE, but i did not find a way to switch to it. If i remove the old server from the IDE, the profiler still tries to work by default. How can I switch the profiler to another web-server?","You don't associate the server to be used with the Profiler; you associate the server to be used with the web application you want to profile. To do that: Step 1 of 3: Create the server:  Create the server that you want to use (i.e. Tomcat, Glassfish, Payara etc.) in NetBeans. Verify that you can Start and Stop it from under the Servers entry in the Services panel.  Step 2 of 3: Associate your web project with that server:  Select your web project in the Projects panel. Right click and select Properties. Select Run from the list of Categories. Select the server you want to use from the Server drop list. In this case I chose to use Glassfish 4.1.1:   Step 3 of 3: Profile your web application:  Select your web project in the Projects panel. Right click and select Profile. Click the Profile button. Immediately you will see that the server you just selected for running your web application (Glassfish 4.1.1 in my case) is being used.   This is a good nine minute introductory video on using the Profiler on NetBeans 8.1+ which may be helpful.",,0,255,1,0,0,0
1849,Nested while loop for API json collection,"I'm requesting 590 pages from the Meetup API. I've iterated with a while loop to get the pages. Now that I have the pages I need to request this pages and format them correctly as python in order to place into a Pandas dataframe.    This is how it looks when you do it for one url :     But because I have so many pages I want to do this automatically and iterate through them all.   That's how nested while loops came to mind and this is what I tried:   However, it isn't working and I'm receiving many errors including this one:   SyntaxError: keyword can't be an expression ","Not sure what you're trying to do, and the code has lots of issues. But if you just want to loop through 0 to 591 and fetch URLs, then here's the code: ",,0,56,1,0,1,1
1850,Knockout JS textInput binding,"I am trying to get back the value from the input field using knockoutjs. The input filed has the binded variable filter and event handler that will be used to filter an array. I would like to obtain the value from the input and console.log the value typed by the user. However, My knockout newbish and I haven't find much help in the docs. HTML  View Model ",To console log the value of self.filter you should just need to change  to ,,0,20,1,0,1,1
1851,python compare CSV and find difference,"I've two CSVs as : CSV1   CSV2   I need to compare the CSVs with id and get the count for both and find the difference. My expected result would be:  For now i'm using nested loops as :   But since the above code does a loop inside a loop, it takes forever if i have large files O(n^2). Is there anyway i can easily do a comparison in python.","This  code:  can be replaced by creating 2 dictionaries using the id field as keys, then perform the intersection of the keys. Then loop on the intersected keys:  now you have approx  complexity (dict lookup is  in average)",,2,65,1,0,1,1
1852,Remove rows based on binary & NA condition,"Imagine we have three columns in dataset DF: A, B and C. A is binary, whereas B and C are ordinal. Sometimes B and C are NA, sometimes in the same row and sometimes not. Now, what I want is to remove the rows where B or C is NA on the condition that A = 0. If A = 1, it doesn't matter if either B or C is NA. What would be the easiest/most straightforward way to do this?  I tried it with if else, but because B and C have NA values, I get the warning that it is not TRUE/FALSE.",A simple base R solution would be  or ,,-4,119,1,0,0,1
1853,How to add any number of digits to a string or remove digits from the string in Postgresql,"I have an SQL query which I give an input and receive an output. So I check whether the user is entering a variable or not. However I want to improve it. Currently I use the following statement to check whether the input variable contains a variable or not, if they didn't enter an input the range is set automatically for them as seen below. note: -    is an input field I configured to allow users to input for queries. -     The  (colon means its an input) -    is a character varying type of exactly 10 characters - all inputs are strings.   All I want to is that the user simply inputs a number without entering all the 0s in the statement.",The answer was in postgresql ,,1,70,1,0,1,1
1854,Xero check token after manual disconnecting,Can't find any way to handle with issue when user disconnects his account manually by going into Settings > General Settings > Connected Apps > Disconnect. After user has beed disconnected i can catch an error only when trying to get something from his account.  The question is if there are some way to ping/check Xero user's credentials as i'm going to implement something like heartbeat for this case (i did not find any kind of callbacks for this case which may be useful). Thanks!,Thanks for the question. At the moment the only solution is for you to make a request and catch the fail result. I suggest the Organisation endpoint for this.,,1,61,1,0,0,0
1855,Convert csv to Plist of Array of Arrays,"I am building an app that relies heavily on plists that are composed of an array of arrays (of strings).  I cannot find a tool to convert a csv into such a plist easily.  Things I have tried:  An app called csv2plist.py, which infuriatingly only converts the first column into an array and ignores the rest of the csv. An online tool at mindsizzlers which doesn't seem to be online anymore (at least the connection times out). An app called 'Plist converter' which only creates a plist that is an array of dictionaries.  Has anyone else been successful with this? Any advice as to how to convert a csv file into a plist that is an array of arrays? Sample Input (typical csv):  Sample output (typical array of arrays plist):  Thanks.","I have worked this out.  As suggested by a redditer, I modified the open source csv2plist to do what I needed.  The result is the following script: ",,0,246,1,0,1,1
1856,Custom error_messages during the form validation when using generic edit UpdateView,The solution I currently use for custom error_messages during the form validation when using generic edit UpdateView is as follows models.py  forms.py  views.py:  The thing I don't really like here is that you have to create separate ModelForm (ModelFormWithCustomErrorMessages) for every model where you want to cusomize error_messages. Just adding an argument error_messages for the model field doesn't work for the forms:  Is there a better way to customize error_messages when using generic edit views?,"You could make use of the  function, maybe like this:  And yes, the models error messages are only used in specific situations, like the docs mention.",,1,32,1,0,1,1
1857,What is mean that `grep -m 1 ` command in UNIX,"I googled this command but there was not.  However I typed this command, error didn't occured. Actually, there was not also result of this command. Please anyone explain me this command's working?","This command reads from and writes to the same file, but not in a left-to-right fashion. In fact  runs first, emptying the file before the  command starts reading it. Therefore there is no output. You can fix this by storing the result in a temporary file and then renaming that file to the original name. PS: Some commands, like , have an output file option which works around this issue by not relying on shell redirects.",,2,574,1,0,1,1
1858,swagger editor: can't add local reference with $ref,"I'm creating some API through swagger. I can't understand how I can use  with a reference on the same file... Here's my current swagger file:  Now, the problem is that the editor is throwing me this error:   in the documentation of $ref I can't really find anything helpful... How can I fix this?","In OpenAPI 3.0,  were replaced with . This means you need to use:  and  Also, your model definition for  is not valid. See this guide to learn how to describe objects, properties, etc.",,0,476,1,0,1,1
1859,How to plot a decision tree horizontally in R Markdown?,"In R Markdown, I would like to plot a decision tree horizontally, so that it fits better the entire PDF page. This code plots it vertically:  How can I plot it horizontally instead?","Have you tried so set fig.height and fig.width, for example ",,1,680,1,0,1,1
1860,Maps in App.Fragment and V4.support.fragment,I've found many examples about implementing Maps in fragment by using library support.fragment but How do we do it with android.app.Fragment library.  Support.fragment   Implementation:    This is when I import   if I import  how do I get Map async? How do I load map?," shall be replaced by  and  will be by  For more, read out MapFragment extends Fragment",,3,239,2,0,1,1
1861,Find node in Zookeeper,I want to know if there is a way to walk the Zookeeper's (ZK) in memory database and find if any particular node exists. Something similar to  inside ZK I am logged in to ZK using zkCli.,"Once you have your ZK cluster running, you can connect to a node and query the cluster. For example:  List of nodes:  List of commands: ",,2,2444,2,0,1,1
1862,How do you check if a JavaScript Object is a new DOM Element?,"I have a function  The container is  How can I check it after I call this function in my Unit test?   Try #1 I tried with  to convert the XML to string  but, the  is   instead of ",How about checking for the ?       ,1.0,4,156,2,0,1,1
1863,parameter reference using dynamic SQL,"Below statement use a mixture of bind variable, constant and Oracle keyword for insertion.  and  are actual values to be inserted.  Is this the correct way for parameter reference using dynamic SQL? Doesn't it require additional parenthesis?",Just esacpe the quote sign around actual string values: ,,1,42,2,0,1,1
1864,Accessing the content of a List of private type got from reflection,By  I get an  which is of type  which I know from when I tried to  the . I want to access the data inside this . I could not cast to the list of said class because that class is private but I do know its variable names. How can I enumerate this list and access its content? ,"Generic  implements non-generic , thus you can cast list object to  to iterate over it. Note that I changed  from  to  Otherwise you will always receive empty list. Then during iteration over  you reflect objects in collection using normal way. ",,0,31,2,0,1,1
1865,Jibx - create closing tags when marshalling empty values to XML,"When marshalling an empty value, the XML generated looks something like:  The output I'd like to see, however, is more like this:  or this:  In the binding I've tried setting  and  but that results in:  Thanks in advance :)","It turns out that Jibx is not at fault. I am using a Chrome plugin called Dev HTTP Client (https://plus.google.com/104025798250320128549) to view the output XML. The plugin, it appears, applies some formatting to the XML but then drops off the closing forward slash in the scenario described above.   When viewing the raw output (in my IDE's debugger) it is as expected. I have raised a bug report with the developer of DHC.",,0,205,0,0,1,0
1866,"Android notification not canceled when clicking ""addAction"" icon","I am new to android and developing an application with a notification. I need to show a notification with an extra button; when I click on it, I need to go to some activity in my application. Say ""SettingsActivity"" I have the following code. It works fine, but the notification doesn't cancel automatically when press on that addAction icons Any idea? My code looks like ","You can make a broadcast receiver which listens for two events, one for starting notification and another for stopping notification. Below is one example that I am currently using in one of my project. Feel free to ask what you don't get.  ",,0,2263,0,0,1,1
1867,Moving a div element,"I'm trying to solve a problem where i have to move a div element within a div. I found similar solutions to the problem on this site so i managed to solve the ""moving part"". The problem is, that i want to be able to click on a div to choose which should be moved. And finally make sure that you cant move a div to the position of another div. My CSS:  My JS:  See my solutions on http://jsfiddle.net/cGZxv/162/",The question is too broad to answer. But without the overlap detection: Your code should be something like this: LIVE DEMO.  I recommend you to use jQueryUI Draggable instead. ,,0,134,0,0,1,1
1868,Missing namespace in the javas generated by wsimport,"When using wsimport the ""standard"" way:  I get source files generated like this:  Last time the classes were generated the same WSDL/ XSDs should have been used and generated a output like this:  So the schemas namespace was included as attribute of the annotation. Since the generated class package-info.java has the following entry:  I assume adding the namespace-attribute is a done by configuration of wsimport/ jaxb schema compiler. Could anyone explain me how to archive the namespace attribute beeing included?  Update: As Blaise answered correctly (described in the blog-link) the generated file package-info.java defines the namespace for all classes/ types inside the according package. Above example is obsolete if always the same namespace is included per @RootElement. Setting namespaces on @RootElement level may be used to have a certain @RootElement have its own namespace (which in case of wsimport should happen automaticially). Very many thanks for any suggestions What i tried:  used google, found https://www.java.net/node/681149 (exaclty my question from back in 2008) with no answer :( read wsimport/ jaxb schema compiler options, tried out various that only controlled package ouput  read 12 similar question/ answer that poped up when i typed in the title of this question  Closest i found that has something to do with the namespaces was to have 'elementFormDefault=""qualified' specified in both the XSD itself and the import part inside the WSDL which i have done.","Specifying the following annotation at the package level, and not specifying the namespace on all the / annotations.  Is the equivalent to not having  and adding the  parameter to all the / annotations.  They will produce/consume the same XML documents. For More Information  http://blog.bdoughan.com/2010/08/jaxb-namespaces.html ",1.0,2,4770,1,0,1,1
1869,Retrieving data from a js data object,"Say I'm retrieving a JSON object with information about a user. One of the pieces of information I get back is a code, indicating their favorite fruit. So I have userData.faveFruit and I know its value will be APP (apple), BAN (banana), CHE (cherry), or KIW (kiwi). I need to put data onto the page with details regarding the user's favorite fruit. So I created this data object:  So how do I go from having CHE to being able to pull out Cherry and its description? It seems like it should be quite simple, but every attempt I make simply does not work. Should I be constructing fruitDefinitions differently? Thanks.",Use the  method: Example using different data:  You also can just store your object like this:  so you can access your data like this: ,,0,64,1,0,1,1
1870,Why is my DataGridTemplateColumn and RadioButton not visible in my DataGrid?,Why I don't see a column with a  in the ? ,Your  is outside the  block. Try moving it inside: ,,0,481,1,0,1,1
1871,C++ String matching and replacing using look up file,"I am new in C++.C++ function will work like below.  Look up file :  There will be one c++ function which should have one parameter like """" and it will give output like """". it will use one static look up file like upper content. I did below code structure but not finding in which direction to go..  Problem I am facing   Thanks in advance.",Thanks Guys  I solved it below is the code . ,,0,250,1,0,1,1
1872,Is there a good explanation about how iPhone OS works?,"I'd like to read more about how the iPhone OS actually works. I know for example there is an application sandbox, and some globally interchanged folgers where all apps have access to, like address book. I'd like to know more about how the components of iPhone OS fit together, what's there, etc. maybe someone has a good link that summarizes all this?",This might be what your looking for: http://thecoffeedesk.com/news/index.php/2009/05/17/iphone-architecture/,1.0,1,112,1,0,0,0
1873,Model Binding With Entity Framework (ASP.NET MVC),"Earlier I created an AddClient page that (when posted) passed a client object and I used db.AddToClient(obj) in my repository to persist it.  Easy stuff. Now, I have a details page whose save submits a post to an action ""UpdateClient"".  Before that action is hit, my custom model binder creates my Client object and it's conveniently handed to the action.  The thing is, this client object is not connected to a EF context yet.  Where is the correct place to do that?  In the modelbinder, or maybe when we get it from the controller, or perhaps we wait until we do a repository call and link it up there?  What's the recommended process?  ","From what I remember, you will either need to attach the object again to the context and set it as modified Or reload the object from the database and apply your changes. This article explains it better: http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/magazine/ee321569.aspx#id0090022 What version of EF are you using ?",,1,4823,1,0,0,0
1874,"Is a path in the Url Loading System of Cocoa always an URL, or sometimes an URI?","I don't get it: An URL is something that really ""locates"" a ressource, i.e. it holds enough information to say ""man, go here, then there, and you have it!"" ...while an URI can say ""the file is called foobar.foo ... have fun finding it!"" Or am I wrong? Can the URL loading system handle URI's? How would that look in example? For me it doesn't make any sense that it could handle anything other than really URLs that speficy exactly where what is.","URI's can be used to identify anything including data such as managed objects in Core Data. In that case, the URI is simply a code string that is unique to the object but doesn't provide any other information such as what address or port the database housing the object can be contacted at.  A URI is like a Social Security number. It uniquely identifies you but doesn't tell anyone where you live. ",,0,146,1,0,0,0
1875,CSS: Work with not(),I have a CSS that looks like this:  Now in CSS3 there's the not() attribute. How could I work with this when I want add the focus-background-color to all elements but with one exception: I want that this isn't added to a-tags/elements inside .audio_wrapper,"The :not pseudo-class won't help you in this situation because it only accepts simple selectors, and your condition relies on an attribute of the 's parent. The best solution is just to define the rule and then override it with a second rule for the conditional case. Edit: On Second thought, you might be able to do it like this: ",,2,109,1,0,1,1
1876,WPF Rendering Effects,"I'm building a WPF application and this WPF application is having a toolbar-like panel that I use for adding button based on the context. The code of the toolbar is:  When I run this application under Windows 7 (x64, .NET 3.5 sp1, C2Q, GeForce GTX 280) the application looks like this:   Then I wanted to test the software under Windows XP, Vista and 7 in both 32 and 64 bit versions as it makes use of a hardware and I wanted to make sure that my device drivers work well on the other systems too. They do. But the problem is that when I've created a new virtual machine in VMware (6.5) and lunched the application, the toolbar looked this way: Windows 7 (x86):   Windows XP (x86):   Well, I understand that WPF makes use of the hardware-accelerated WPF effects for perfomance reasons and my VMware doesn't have a hardware that might support the pixel shaders, so might my client have a machine that does not have a pixel-shader supporting video card. I cannot afford adding such a hardware requirement for my software. But isn't WPF supposed to check if the guest OS supports such effects and use an alternative, software-based rendering effects? Is there a solution for this to make it look the same on all platforms? (at least some kind of , even if lower quality, software-based emulation) or a way to completely disable the effects while keeping the gradient? The toolbar is clickable on every OS (even VM) and when I click on the white area in a place where a button should be it reacts correctly (the button gets clicked).","VMWare has known bugs with WPF - some are fixed in WPF4, but in general, you should disable WPF's HW acceleration in VMware: http://blog.paulbetts.org/index.php/2010/01/10/expression-blend-glitches-in-vmware-parallels shows how to do it.",,0,1482,1,0,1,0
1877,Should I use WPF or Winforms to build my new Windows desktop application?,There are pros and cons for both approaches. But from a managers perspective what is the best approach?,"If you disregard the learning curve (which is a little like asking Harry Whittington, ""Never mind that, how was the quail hunting?""), WPF's advantages over Windows Forms at practically every level are enormous.  Even if you disregard things like resolution-independence, rich media, and animation, and just focus on making forms for users to type data into. I think that it's all about the data binding.  You have to understand a lot of other things (particularly dependency properties) in order to be able to make data binding sing, but WPF's implementation of data binding radically changes what UI development is possible to be like.   Consider a pretty simple and common UI affordance:  a region of the input window whose contents depend on the type of object that the user has selected in another part of the window.  This is an interesting challenge in Windows Forms.  In WPF it can often be done without writing any procedural code at all (once you've built the right view model, at least).",,2,580,1,0,0,0
1878,How to add only one specific item to DropDownList from ViewBag data source?,"I am trying to fix a bug in an existing application, and my MVC ViewBag skills are limited.  First off, I don't have the time to refactor and change the code from a ViewBag to a ViewModel, although that would be my preferred approach.   I want to populate a DropDownList from an object in the ViewBag.  The code is here:  In the case that the WarehouseID is not String.Empty, I ONLY want to load that value into the DropDownList.  I'm open to a C# or jQuery answer to this question. Thanks in advance for any help offered!"," and my MVC ViewBag skills are limited  If you forget those skills it would be even better for you. Just kidding, they could be useful in order to know what not to do in an ASP.NET MVC application :-) Anyway:  Another approach is to handle this case in your controller action:  and in your view you could now replace the  with: ",,0,291,0,0,1,1
1879,Gridview filtering with jQuery for user control contained within page,"I have placed my user control (my.ascx) on the web page (1.aspx). my.ascx contains gridview, search textbox & search button. I need to display rows in gridview on the basis of text I'm typing in search textbox on search button click event. Here's what I have done. In 1.aspx:  In my.ascx:  But nothing happens when I hit btnSubmit. Please help.",Try replacing instances of the jQuery selectors for your Gridview ID from:  to ,,1,1891,0,0,1,1
1880,DevExpress: Get Entity ID of currently selected row,"I have an ASPxGridView and in the EditForm, I have a popup form when the suer clicks a button. I need to get the ID for the currently selected entity/row so that I can query the db and populate a dropdown on the popup based on that ID. How can I get that? I know with some events, you can do this:  So I wanted to try that with the  event, but the event argument is only of type , so i cannot use the above.. Ideas?","I ended up doing something client-side. First, I added this column:  then I also added this (to the same grid):  Lastly, the javascript: ",,0,2003,0,0,1,1
1881,"How do I 'send an image back', behind textboxes?",You can view my problem:  http://i.stack.imgur.com/cGoEU.png That image is covering my login form. How do I get it to move behind the textboxes & sign in button? This is my code: ,Try:  Enjoy and good luck!,,3,45850,1,0,1,1
1882,Moved node-stitch project from Linux to Windows - now it won't build,"I'm getting an error that doesn't really make much sense. This is the part of my Cakefile that does the coffee compilation:  And the output from running that (shortened path):  Coffee compile failed: Error: C:\Users\Codemonkey\...\project\src\foo.coffee isn't in the require path  This worked wonderfully on Linux with the same code and the same node-, stitch- and coffee-script versions. I can see that the error is thrown in stitch.coffee:177, but I can't figure out what it means, if it's my fault or how to fix it. Thanks for your help!",Yeah it was a directory separator issue with Windows - I found an un-pulled pull-request that fixes the issue - https://github.com/sstephenson/stitch/pull/34,,0,219,1,0,1,0
1883,Do we have a good javascript debugger?, Possible Duplicate: JavaScript Debugger   Is there any way to debug javascript. I found many addons on mozilla but I am not able to use them properly because of limited documents. Can any one point me a good debugger on which I could rely on. Thanks In advance.,Firebug is a tool that help you to debug javascript inside browser. You can choose Chrome dev tool either (depend on what you love to use) If you don't love to do javascript debug inside browser then I can suggest you to use Visual web developer  which is freely available and make you able to debug your code from IDE. read this Debug JavaScript in Visual Studio 2010?,,0,116,1,0,0,0
1884,Is it possible to restrict the access to assets by business logic?,"I have created bills, which should be possible to open from admin, but not as a normal user. this bill pdf will be created after certain business process in  app/assets/pdfs.  Is it possible to restrict specific assets by some rule?","Store the restricted assets in some folder outside of the public folder, so they cannot be accessed just by visiting a URL, then create an action that uses send_file or send_data. That way you can wrap it up in whatever logic you want. ",1.0,0,372,1,0,1,1
1885,Extremely simple error with backbone.js throwing invalid object initializer error,"Okay, I try to avoid posting silly questions, but I can't figure out this error and if it's this subtle it may help other people anyway. What is wrong with this code: ",The correct syntax you want to get the 'index' attribute is:  get() takes a string of the attribute name. Here's the Backbone doc section,,0,147,1,0,1,1
1886,Datasource method not calling in iOS 4.3 but working in iOS 5 and later,"I have a UIViewController object VCobject. In my view will appear method i had written the following code.  The datasource method is calling in iOS 5.0 and in 5.1. But is not calling in iOS 4.3. I am using Xcode 4.3.2.  Any one have any idea, pls help me.",iOS 5 has changed the way  is called. To make sure that this is a case setup a breakpoint inside your  method.,,0,62,1,0,1,1
1887,printf output convert from one row to number of arguments,"this is part of my code: FCWWN=`fcinfo hba-port | grep HBA | awk '{print $4}'`  for i in ${FCWWN} do     FCREMOTE=`fcinfo remote-port -p ${i} | grep Remote | nawk '{print $4}'`     PRODUCT=`/usr/sbin/luxadm display ${FCREMOTE} | grep Product | nawk -F: '{print $2}'`     CAPACITY=`/usr/sbin/luxadm display ${FCREMOTE} | grep capacity | nawk -F: '{print $2}'`     LUNNAME=`/usr/sbin/luxadm display ${FCREMOTE} | grep /dev/rdsk | grep -i -v DEVICE`     FCSTATE=`fcinfo hba-port ${i} | grep State: | nawk '{print $2}'`     echo """"     echo -e The FC Port WWN ""\033[1m \E[36;40m ${i} \033[0m is \033[1m \E[37;42m ${FCSTATE} \033[0m""; echo -ne ""\E[0m""     printf ""################################################################################## \n""     printf ""%-6s %9s %18s \n"" ""LUN:"" ""Storage"" ""Disk""     printf ""%-6s %9s %18s \n""  "" ""    ""Type""    ""Size""     printf ""=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=- \n""     printf ""%-6s\n %9s\n %2s\n"" ""${LUNNAME}"" ""${PRODUCT}"" ""${CAPACITY}"" done The output is : The FC Port WWN   10000000c9822976  is   online ################################################################################## LUN:     Storage               Disk             Type               Size =-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-   /dev/rdsk/c4t60060E80102A8AF005119C37000000C2d0s2   /dev/rdsk/c4t60060E80102A8AF005119C37000000C0d0s2   /dev/rdsk/c4t60060E80102A8AF005119C370000016Cd0s2   /dev/rdsk/c4t60060E80102A8AF005119C3700000028d0s2   /dev/rdsk/c4t60060E80102A8AF005119C37000000E1d0s2                 DF600F                 DF600F                 DF600F                 DF600F                 DF600F         131072.000 MBytes         131072.000 MBytes         65536.000 MBytes         262144.000 MBytes         65536.000 MBytes And the desired output is : The FC Port WWN   10000000c9822976  is   online ################################################################################## LUN:     Storage               Disk             Type               Size =-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-   /dev/rdsk/c4t60060E80102A8AF005119C37000000C2d0s2   DF600F   131072.000 MBytes   /dev/rdsk/c4t60060E80102A8AF005119C37000000C0d0s2   DF600F   131072.000 MBytes   /dev/rdsk/c4t60060E80102A8AF005119C370000016Cd0s2   DF600F    65536.000 MBytes   /dev/rdsk/c4t60060E80102A8AF005119C3700000028d0s2   DF600F    262144.000 MBytes   /dev/rdsk/c4t60060E80102A8AF005119C37000000E1d0s2   DF600F    65536.000 MBytes Any help would be appreciate.",One quick way is to convert your three multi-line strings to arrays:  Then simply iterate through the arrays with a C-style loop ,,2,196,1,0,0,1
1888,Mailing user groups. ASP.NET MVC,"How do I send mail to a specific user group (using )?  As for now I have defined an interface like this:   with implementation like this:  I'm using an smtp client in conjunction with the following configuration.  But it is hard for me to understand which service should present the behavior, user service which handles or a separate service (following the  principle)? Any examples? Thanks!",Sending an email to a user group should work the same way as sending to an individual user. User groups usually have their own email address and then the Active Directory will handle the rest. Unless I am misunderstanding your question here.,,1,151,1,0,1,0
1889,a way to have a callback function when applying .appendTo() method,"So I'm having a bit of html code that I'm appending with the jQuery method , and after that there's a jQuery plugin running on that html :  The above is how it looks, but there are a lot of variables there that don't quite make sense (: I'm only looking for a solution to keep the html hidden for as long as the plugin it's not applied ( the plugin will append all of the html again ), so the best thing I could think of it's a callback function which I know the  method does not have. So would there be a workaround for that ?","EDIT: Instead of adding an id, I'm going to add a class.  could be anything and could already have an id. If you are confidant that an id will suffice, feel free to use that instead. All I'm doing is hiding  and giving it a unique class so that I can target it in the callback and show it. Is that what you were looking for? ",,0,332,1,0,1,1
1890,OnClickListener Does not Respond to Clicks in Fragment,"I am transferring an old program over to a Tabs and Fragments implementation. The user inputs an Id for a search and then hits Submit. However my ""Submit Button"" does nothing.  I have tried several alternative coding variants but get same result - dead air! Here is XML   Here is my Tab / Fragment  Neither the Toast box nor the Intent fire off when I hit submit.  Thanks for looking at my question. Problem solved! Thanks Dirk for suggesting name change to all lower case.","In your xml is no Button with the id ""submitButton"".  You should only use lowercase and therefore give it the id ""@+id/submit_button"" Although I could not find a source that camel case ids are not allowed. Even Google uses camel case ids in their examples sometimes.",1.0,3,6989,1,0,1,0
1891,can I do .load from a url with query string?,"I'm not all the familiar with the .load functionality of jQuery, but it would be REALLY cool if I could do what's in the url. Basically, I've got a PHP loop that cycles for 10 pieces of content per page. This is based on a Query String  will load the 10 most recent bits of content (rpp=10)  this loads the content 11-20 (notice offset=10). Offset 20 will produce 21-30, etc. BASICALLY - I've got some links at the bottom that use PHP math to determine the current offset and add 10  or subtract 10. Currently, they reload the whole page (gross). Can I use .load with the query strings to grab the container div with the other content?","Yes, you can do that.  You can add a selector after your URL to indicate only what section of the loaded HTML that you want to insert into your current page's container. For example:  Which will load only the contents of  from your loaded resource into . See the jQuery API for more details.",1.0,1,995,1,0,1,1
1892,Ajax - modify data string before get, href = https://website.com how do i remove the https from the url ?,Just use Javascript's replace function on href. ,,1,131,2,0,1,1
1893,How do I link individual letters to a word?,"I am creating a word game where you have to spell the words in the grid by dragging the letters in from the side. This code randomly generates 12 words from the ""listOfWords"" and dynamically creates a 6x6 table. The words are also split into single characters (""P""""I""""T"") so draggable letters can be placed over to spell the words...  Here is the code for the draggable letters that are dropped onto the grid to spell the words.  How do I make the words recognize the correct letters when they are dropped on top? Something along these lines.... ","I've made you a simplified version with drag and drop enabled. Note that, in this example, it is useless (and inadvisable) to split the words into letters. I've used HTML5 custom data attributes, but you can also use the id to store the words and letters. Example: jsFiddle (drag 3 letters to a word) You should also read docs on droppable and draggable.",1.0,3,284,2,0,1,0
1894,How can I parse Delivered-To headers?,"I am trying to parse an email in Ruby on Rails that is an attachment?  I am not to worried about the regular expression, but more so the method I use to get the parsed output.  I am looking to do this without any mail parsing gems.  The code below appears to work, is this the correct way? model.rb   show.html.erb ","Analysis The email specifications allow for multiline headers, which your current expression won't match. In addition, I don't think your regular expression allows for all of the permissible address characters. Solution Using a variation of procmail's  syntax should allow you to match multiline address patterns more liberally. For example:  Some Tests and Examples ",,1,398,2,0,1,1
1895,PHP - preg_replace,I have some HTML content and I would like to replace a tag:  And keep MY TEXT. I tried with:  But the closed tag still remains? Can you help me and EXPLAIN where is my mistake? I would like to improve myself! Thank you,"Try using a lazy match  instead of a greedy match . Greedy match means it will match as much as possible before finishing, so if you have another  somewhere, it will match that instead.  For example: Using a greedy match:  Using a lazy match: ",,-1,339,2,0,1,1
1896,Get value instead of unicode representation from cleaned_data,I want to do some custom validation:  The problem I have is that P returns the unicode presentation of Products (like: Cableconnector Eur 6.75) I need however to get the Products id from the cleaned_data. Any idea how to accomplish this?,Ouch this was really easy....to get the id just call P.id,,1,322,2,0,1,0
1897,MvvmCross Application Resource Dictionary issue,"I am implementing MvvmCross, and I changed the App base class from Application to MvxApplication.  However, the resource dictionaries in my app are broken, obviously because MvxApplication doesn't inherit from Application.  So how do you define your resources for your application?  The documentation isn't really clear, since the setup require this:  But app inherits from Application to get those core features like the global resource dictionaries, but it needs an IMvxApplication, which is base class MvxApplication.  I know an interface you can implement both, but it doesn't make sense...","The IMvxApplication is completely separate to the winstore App, the Android application or the iOS AppDelegate The MvxApplication is the central hub for all of your cross platform ViewModels, Models and Services - it exists separately from all of the platform specific application objects. Some of this is explained in the first two N+1 videos - but we are also working on more documents too",,0,189,0,0,1,0
1898,show month / day / year - not works,"It is such that I must have set day and month and year, but this is how I have problems with it here: how the problem looks like now. (The problem is that there is going to be ""array ...."" before the day and date, and year.) ""ArrayTirsdag 11 Jun 2013"" Would like this: ""Tirsdag 11 Jun 2013"" ",Your problem is you have a  when you need a  so instead of echoing  you're trying to echo all of your logic. So change the first line to  and you're set.  You might as well save the opening  for the end too like this: ,,0,90,0,0,1,1
1899,Why SQL-CLR code installs correctly only on one database and not on any other of the same SQL Server?,"I've published from Visual Studio the same CLR database function to both the Staging and Live db instances, they both live on the same MS SQL Server which is version 11.0.2100.60. They both install fine however when I run a same function on the Live, I get the following error message:  Any advice?","I eventually managed to solve the problem after having spent the entire day searching the most esoteric sites on the topic! :) I kept republishing on top of the existing Assembly, just tweaking little bits of the settings but when doing this Visual Studio does not generate the entire SQL script to install the CLR code like if a fresh install but only the SQL script for what VS thinks it has changed. The solution has been to drop the assembly and all its dependencies and republish afresh! Visual Studio's Publish function will generate the entire SQL script needed to install the CLR code which resolved what I suspect was a badly registered library. .",,0,554,0,0,1,0
1900,Reference position in CollectionView IOS,"Problem with reference position in  I made a simplified example of my problem. I'm using storyboard with a , but then I leave that view and return the elements out of place.  The problem occurs after I connect the   Anyone been through this?   https://www.dropbox.com/sh/rmkkcp99al6czy6/-nL6fUYRQS! image with the problem","First, you should not have your property names start with a capital letter. They are not classes. Better use .  Second, make sure your collection view is wired up with the appropriate controller in storyboard. You need to connect it to the  and  properties. Make sure the view controller implements these protocols.",,0,53,0,0,1,1
1901,Displaying a double (frequency) that is updated constantly while recording with Android,"I am building an android application that displays the Frequency of a sustained note with the FFT algorithm. I am using Jtransform methods. My issue currently is that I can't display the frequency on screen. The following code is the fft freqency calculation and the AsynchTask which should display the frequency in a text box  I have checked other similar questions and I can't find the fault in my code. EDIT: added  to code. I know that the frequency is being calculated, and according to Eclipse, at no point is the  being called.","In addition to what Alexei said, in his answer, I think you have also incorrectly coded the method signature of :  This means that your version of  is actually not overriding anything from AsyncTask, and will never be called. So, including the point about not calling  repeatedly, your final method should look like this: ",3.0,2,1753,1,0,1,1
1902,Javascript created xml document formatting of empty elements,"Is it possible to control how an xml document is rendered by XMLSerializer when using your own namespace? Namely, when creating a document like this:  The resulting xml from serializeToString is  Is there any way to change the formatting such that the output is instead ","It worked for me to add an empty text node:  With that line included, I get the output ",,1,87,1,0,1,1
1903,Tetris Timer is not working,"I am trying to write Tetris in c#. The speed of the first block is normal, but the second block falling two times quicker than the first one, then the third block is three times quicker. I think there must be something wrong with the timer. Here is part of my code:  Can anybody tell me why this happens?","The problem is your function . Event's can have multiple functions called every time they are fired, that is why it uses the  sign and not the  sign. Every time you call  you are adding an additional call to  to the queue. So the first time  gets called one time, it then re-registers the handler then the 2nd time around  gets called twice, and it adds 2 more firings to the queue (making it 4)... and so on. Without seeing the entire code here is the best I can think of to fix the problem. All I did was move the  registration from  to  ",,2,275,1,0,1,1
1904,"Grails Detached Criteria Query and ""group by"" and ""having"" clause","In a Grails 2.1 application, I'm having trouble getting a criteria query to behave like some handwritten sql I've got. So-here's some background info: The table is in a reporting db and has the following ddl: completed_case table columns  id completedDate caseState caseId (this field is not unique) state some other columns customerName, other data columns  A row is added to this table whenever a value for that case changes, so there are often >1 rows per caseId. I've been tasked with finding the first row for each case within a completedDate range.  I've got some hacky sql that seems to get me the values I want:  But I'm not sure how to translate this query into a Grails/Gorm CriteriaQuery.  I was guessing the following(using a detached criteria to do the sub select), but it seems like DetachedCriteria doesn't have groupPropery() so I'm a bit lost.   Anyways, here's my guess that includes the not-valid call to groupProperty:  Is there some way to generate this query using the interfaces provided by Gorm/Grails? thanks    ",I just did it using hql.   ,,1,2163,1,0,1,1
1905,Singleton: Throwing exception in constructor,In order to prevent Singleton from being broken by using reflection one way is to throw an exception in private constructor as shown in code below:  Above is a standard code but what i am thinking is that is it thread safe? If multiple threads try to create the instance using reflection at same time [i.e. before the class is loaded in main memory which implies instance will be null ] then will they succeed? ,You can't access the static members of a class (whether directly or through reflection) before it is loaded. And static final members are initialised during the loading process (step 9 of the JLS description). So in your case there is no way a thread could:  see  before it is properly constructed. see  as null (unless the first call to  throws an exception) initialise a second instance (unless that code relies on a different class loader) ,2.0,1,2400,1,0,1,1
1906,Facebook API : Show Only Posts From People Who I Want,"I was wondering if this can be done or not with Facebook API :  Let's say I have a web application with 'login with Facebook' button. When users login with their Facebook account and they become my 'circle' on my web application, even though they are not my friend on Facebook, can I still get what they post on their wall and display it on my own web application?  for example these are people who involve : Me, Mom, Dad, and Adam. Adam is my class mate, but I haven't add him on my Facebook. So, practically, he's not my friend on Facebook. now, if Adam login on my web application using his Facebook account, and he become my 'circle', can I see all his Facebook post? on my web application.. PS : is it possible to filter what's on Adam's wall too? for example I just want to display only posts created by Adam himself, not tags from his friends. That's all I want to know. And could you please kindly tell me which API suit for this purpose? because I see bunch of terms on Facebook API. Thanks!","As long as the authenticated has granted permission, you can display their data in your web application. The data presented only works in the current session (whichever access token is currently being queried). If you saved the access tokens for each user you would be able to see the data as long as it complies with Facebook Developer Policy: https://developers.facebook.com/policy/#data",,0,72,1,0,0,0
1907,Query for all documents in a database and not any specific collection in mongoose,I want to search and update any document which matches a particular id but dont want to specify any specific collection but the search needs to query all the documents in a particular database. kind of db.find() not db.collection.find(); Any command which I may have overlooked in mongoose that accomplishes this?,"There is no such thing as a db.find(). _id's are only unique in a specific collection. You can have different documents with different content but the same _id in different collections. But what you can do is get a list of all collections using  and query each of them. By the way: I don't know what you are trying to achieve, but it really smells to me. Collections should be used to group objects which belong into a specific context. When you don't know the collection of an object you are searching for, you likely are doing something wrong.",,0,385,1,0,0,1
1908,How can I make javascript fancy fading effects?,I was looking throught a website (http://www.mangore.com/) and I saw its giant slideshow on top of the page. I was intrested in knowing how is that fancy crossfading effect between images made. It seems that it is not  JavaScript built in feature. Can someone help me?,"When you see something you like on a website, try inspecting the source code to see how they do it. In this case, you'll notice that they use the DDSlider Jquery Library: http://codecanyon.net/item/ddslider-10-transitions-inline-content-support/10479",,-4,138,1,0,0,0
1909,problems with vertical and horizontal center and javascript scroll,I have a website in which I want there to be a picture that is as displayed at 100% width and 100% height with a button on it that scrolls the page the height of the window. I want this button to be centered vertically and horizontally but everything I try doesn't work and i cannot seem to get it to scroll either. I will take an answer for either problem. https://jsfiddle.net/cityFoeS/278dcyqg/ ,"Your problem is in the HTML,  Look at the  part, you are calling a function that doesn't exist. You could just change it to the correct function name and it would work but I have instead made a fiddle with the best practice: https://jsfiddle.net/278dcyqg/1/ You should try and avoid using  on the actual HTML tag, and try to handle all events through JavaScript",,1,34,0,0,1,1
1910,How to only remove stopwords when they are not nouns?,"I'm using Solr 5 and need to remove stop words to prevent over-matching and avoid bloating the index with high IDF terms. However, the corpus includes a lot part numbers and name initials like ""Steve A"" and ""123-OR-A"". In those cases, I don't want ""A"" and ""OR"" to get removed by the stopword filter factory as they need to be searchable. The Stanford POS tagger does a great job detecting that the above examples are nouns, not stop words, but is this the right approach for solving my problem? Thanks!","Only you can decide whether this is the right approach. If you can integrate POS tagger in and it gives you useful results - that's good. But just to give you an alternative, you could look at duplicating your fields and processing them differently. For example, if you see 123-OR-A being split and stopword-cleaned, that probably means you have WordDelimiterFilterFactory in your analyzer stack. That factory has a lot of parameters you could try tweaking. Or, you could copyField your content to another (store=false) field and process it without WordDelimiterFilterFactory all together. Then you search over both copies of your data, possibly with different boost for different fields. ",,0,91,0,0,0,0
1911,Save Image of Google map to be loaded offline,"I am using Google maps in an Ionic application (which connects to NodeJS/Express) for ipad. In the app, I am displaying markers for the addresses provided by the user. My use case is such that users need to view the google map with markers when they are offline. These are primarily field users who do not have access to internet when on the field. The approach I was thinking was to have users launch the google maps with markers set, in the ionic app (when they are connected to the internet) and provide a save button. Once they click on the save button, we somehow save an image/screenshot of the maps view on the device. When the user opens the map while offline we load this image instead. What would be the best way to save the image of the map shown in a Ionic app? Is there another approach which I should be looking at? Thanks.","option 1: I think here you can use Google Static Maps api which returns image files you can call this api when user clicks on save button (obviously when you have internet connection), and cache the image locally. Just go through the Google Static Maps api option 2: I don't prefer this but worst case if nothing works for you just take a screen shot of the user's screen and save that image. Here is the cordova plugin to take screenshots cordova-screenshot Happy coding :)",0.0,2,514,0,0,0,0
1912,Dynamically change plane height in babylonjs,"I created a plane by using  this.plane = BABYLON.MeshBuilder.CreatePlane(""plane"", { width: 0.5, height: 10 }, scene, true); and then I try to modify the plane height in rendering, but the height is not changed.","I think you are looking for scaling. Here is the link to Babylon.js Scaling. Essentially, you do  This should let you dynamically change the dimensions of your object. If you wanted the make the change visibly noticeable (instead of jumping straight to the correct size) you could also add an animation to it.",,0,1031,0,0,0,1
1913,Trivia game: The answers from an array are not properly coming up as correct or incorrect.,"The link to the code can be found here:  Codepen link The questions is chosen at random from the triviaPrompts array. However, the answers are coming out incorrectly when selected.  For example: The correct answer to this question was B: Maracana Stadium. However, prompt for wrong answer appears and shows option C as the correct answer.  html:  JS: ",I was able to get the correct answers by taking var out of addQAs function: old code  new and working code:  ,,0,139,0,0,1,1
1914,Copying and modifying a list of tuples,"I'm attempting to rebuild a SQL table by creating a list of tuples from a query, creating a new list of tuples with the data I need changed, then inserting that list of tuples back into SQL. I seem to have everything down except for one part thing. When I recreate the list, there could be any number of columns in the SQL query, and I need to compensate for that. The only value that needs to change is the first in each tuple. Here is the code I have so far:  This gives me the results of each tuple that looks like the following. I can't figure out how to do this differently so that the parentheses are only on the outside of each tuple.  (1, (sqlstuff)),(2, (sqlstuff)), etc ","You have the slice of the tuple returning a tuple, which gets inserted in another tuple before appending. You should  instead add the new value as a tuple to the slice.  I have replaced the for loop with a list comprehension and used  starting at  to generate the new values:  On a side note, be careful to not use the name  as this already being used by a builtin.",,0,32,0,0,1,1
1915,Outlook 2010 plugin wrong 32770 window,"I'm developing a custom address dialog for Outlook 2010, following the sample of Helmut Oberdan published here http://www.codeproject.com/Articles/21288/Customize-the-built-in-Outlook-Select-Names-dialog I've migrated the project to VS2015 with framework 4.5 but I'm in trouble with the findwindow function  IntPtr hBuiltInDialog = WinApiProvider.FindWindow(""#32770"", """"); on some computer (mine) works well and on some other (customer) it doesn't. It seems that the function finds another 32770 window that is not the Outlook's one, I've tryed to enumerate all the 32770 windows but when the InspectorWrapper_Deactivate function fires up, my 32770 window is not present in the list. A strange behavior occurs, if I put a messagebox in the deactivate function it pops up twice and after the second time the right window gets catched and my custom dialog opens. Here is the InspectorWrapper_Deactivate function    any suggestion will be really appreciate. Thanks Flavio Following Dmitry suggestion but still not able to find the 32770 window, because it has empty window name (even if it exists)   ","After days of test and tryes the solution (suggested by Microsoft) has been to insert a separate thread, started from the inspector and auto terminated when the window is found. Inside the inspector_deactivate    and inside the thread   ",,0,85,0,0,1,1
1916,how to save multiple input fields value in mysql with codeigniter,"I have a form having 6 fields with same nameLike - feature[], I want to save multiple input fields value into mysql 1 column in JSON format:  I have column feature in mysql table, i want to save input field value into feature column as json data. i am using codeigniter 3.",ex for codeignitor ,,0,1243,0,0,1,1
1917,How to use jQuery plugins (jquery validation engine) with OpenUI5/SAPUI5?,"I want use jquery validaton engine in SAPUI5. Please guide me, I have done following steps.  Added jquery library Added jquery validation library and css. Give a validate[required] class to input text field. on button click called  function. But it is give me TypeError: $(...).validationEngine is not a function error. ",jQuery is already part of the SAPUI5 distribution. So if you load SAPUI5 after including your custom jQuery + jQuery validation engine you will just end up with the plain jQuery version bundled with SAPUI5.  You can either load jQuery validation engine after SAPUI5 or use the no-jquery SAPUI5 variant as follows: ,,1,1175,0,0,1,1
1918,"Use ""arp -a"" to retreive MAC address of corresponding IP Adress","I was trying to convert the MAC address of my phone to it's IP address.   Using the above code, I store it in a list in the following form:  What I can't figure out is, how to retrieve a specific IP for the given MAC. Assume that my phone is the device with the physical address: a8-3e-0e-61-3f-db, how can I store it's IP as a string somewhere?", I used each entry in the result list as a string and looked for my MAC as a substring inside all of the entries.,,1,114,0,0,1,1
1919,Elastic Search Bool Query for multiple fields,I have index mapping like follows: Request  I want to make bool and geoquery at the same time fetching the docs that within the same country and near me also which  I have tried the below but always I am getting an empty hits object.  The response  even though I am sure that there are many documents matches the query but I can't get it. Any one can help?,I would start with changing  value from 5 to 0. Nextly I would check index definition - are you sure each of the field can be searched in a way you're using it? Can you show exact index definiton (mapping) and show sample item from Elastic?,,0,17,0,0,1,1
1920,Cannot find the Outliers (More specifically the IQR) of my data set,"Trying to find the outliers of an excel sheet using pandas in python. I am able to find the first and third quartiles, but cannot subtract one from the other without returning . Here is the essential code:  OUTPUT:  "," You code is just simply quartile range calculation. if it can work for you, that will be fine. If you need true outlier detect which is more complicated than quartile based mode, especially multivariables you can resort to python package like sklearn or pyod. using quantile functioni, you need clean the raw data to make sure it is numerica only. Especially, you import excel file as data source. check data by  tmp_df = absent.iloc[:741] cols =  ['Distance from Residence to Work',           'Transportation expense',           'Month of absence',          'Social smoker',           'Social drinker',          'Education'] print(tmp_df[col].quantile(0.25,0.75))  print(tmp_df[col].describe(include='all'))   Good luck. WY",,1,27,0,0,1,0
1921,Identify missing dates for ID & Date table,My approach to identify missing dates for IDs is to use a left table (t1) which is a calendar table of 100 years of dates and to LEFT join (on date=date) the master table (t2) which has date & ID .  I was hoping when I do the left join I would have a full list of dates ranging from 1-365 for each year in (t1) and then a joined id from (t2) when the dates match. When the date's are missing there should be a NULL.  The current output and the desired output from my script is attached here desired output Simplified script below: ,"If you want   If you want this for all ids (or a larger subset), use  to generate the ids and then : ",,1,35,0,0,1,1
1922,Convert date/time format from Etc/GMT to ISO,"I need to convert date/time values. For example I want to convert this  to a value with the same format as this .  If you can provide the resulting equivalent value of the given example, I can make that as reference so I can already find the correct code for the conversion.  Or else if you can provide the exact javascript code for the conversion, that is better. I am using 'moment' and 'moment-timezone'.",You just have to pass the your date string in this format       ,,-2,93,0,7,1,1
1923,Gradle: how to zip/tar output from other zip/tar task?,"I have a project that has a task called , which is provided by the shadow plugin.  The output of this task is a tar file. I wish to create another Tar task that will include the output tar file into a new tar file, containing the first tar file and some new files.  However, I cannot get the tar file to be included in new archive.  I think the issue here is that the  should take an ANT style include spec, which should be relative to the source directory of the Tar task, rather than absolute paths, which is what I get with .  How can I either get the outputs as an ANT style include, or otherwise include the tar file created by  into the second tar, without resorting to hard-coding the path into the include?",See Project.tarTree(...). Eg: ,,0,27,0,0,1,1
1924,htaccess rewriteCond ignored,"I want all traffic redirected from app.foo.bar.com to maintenance.foo.bar.com, except urls containing the string api, ref/mail and track.php.   This is not working. Working example:  Example url:  Result:  Not working example:  Example url:  Result:  What's missing or wrong?","I had to add  to solve the problem. At the result, 'api' is in the query string instead of the request uri.",,0,15,0,0,1,1
1925,Unable to fetch records SQL,Database - Table  I ran the following query  to search for the records from  Sep 19 2007 to Sep 26 2007  ie 8 records. Which has resulted in showing the only records  for Sep 19 2007 znd Sep 22 2007 ie only 5 records  How to generate the search query so that I could get all the 8 records -   ie the records on those dates aswell  Expected Output  Tried  Revived No records,"Your issue is that there is a time component in your data. There are a few different ways to address it but they all serve the same purpose: you need to take the time component into account. Your code calls to_date() without any time component in the format parameter. That defaults to midnight. So what your WHERE clause really is doing is cutting off at midnight of 2007-09-26. And with your first syntax error, you are saying ""show me everything where generated_dt happens on 2007-09-26 at exactly midnight"". To fix this, you either need to add a time component to your to_date() call. Or you can call the trunc() function on the generated_dt. Which method you choose will depend on your table size, performance expectations, and if you want to take advantage of indexing on the column. Method 1:  Method 2 (this will ignore indexes on the genereted_dt column unless you build a function-based index):  Method 3:  Method 4 (uses the BETWEEN syntax, functions the same as above): ",,0,22,0,0,1,1
1926,Android kotlin - Activity with black transparent background and SearchView with white background,As the title says I nedd an activity with black transparent background and a SearchView on top of it with white background and gray/custom text/icon colors. This is what I have so far: activity_search_input.xml:  Even though the background is set to #FFFFFF it is gray! in manifest:  in styles.xml:  How can I do that? I'm already searching since couple hours for a solution for such a minor thing! Android is absolutely horrendous!,"True testing this out was indeed a horrendous experience unless there's an easy method I'm unaware of. Here's a workaround I found for your case. The main issue is this line  in your Translucent style, that messes up the colors which the searchView uses behind the scenes. Remove that and the background you set for searchView should be working now. But you'll notice all the icons and textcolor remain white you will have to either individually set these with custom icons (for some reason the textColor still wouldn't change) or simply use  as the parent for your translucent theme. So now your custom Translucent theme should look like below:  Now since you have removed the window background from theme you will need to set a background to the root layout using  So your activity_search_input.xml:   The result was this  Tried different ways but this felt the easiest, check if this helps you out, or maybe someone will come up with a better method.",,0,38,0,2,1,1
1927,Correct SQL to convert mySQL tables to SQL Server tables,"I have a number of tables I need to convert from mySQL to SQL Server. An Example of a mySQL Table is   And a trigger to update the created date  Now I need to create tables similar to this in SQL Server.  There seems to be a lot of different data types available so I am unsure which to use.  What data type should I use to the primary key column (uniqueidentifier, bigint, int)?  What should I use for the timestamps (timestamp, datatime, datetime2(7))?  How should I enforce the created and modified timestamps (currently I am using triggers)? How can I enforce foreign key constraints. Should I be using Varchar(255) in SQL Server? (Maybe Text, Varchar(MAX) is better)  I am using Visual Studio 2010 to create the tables.","First of all, you can probably use PHPMyAdmin (or something similar) to script out the table creation process to SQL Server. You can take a look at what is automatically created for you to get an idea of what you should be using. After that, you should take a look at SSMS (SQL Server Management Studio) over Visual Studio 2010. Tweaking the tables that your script will create will be easier in SSMS - in fact, most database development tasks will be easier in SSMS. What data type should I use to the primary key column (uniqueidentifier, bigint, int)? Depending on how many records you plan to have in your table, use int, or bigint. There are problems with uniqueidentfiers that you will probably want to avoid. INT vs Unique-Identifier for ID field in database What should I use for the timestamps (timestamp, datatime, datetime2(7))? timestamps are different in SQL Server than in MySQL. Despite the name, a timestamp is an incrementing number that is used as a mechanism to version rows. http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ms182776%28v=sql.90%29.aspx . In short though, datetime is probably your best bet for compatibility purposes. How should I enforce the created and modified timestamps (currently I am using triggers)? See above. Also, the SQL Server version of a ""Timestamp"" is automatically updated by the DBMS. If you need a timestamp similar to your MySQL version, you can use a trigger to do that (but that is generally frowned upon...kind of dogmatic really). How can I enforce foreign key constraints. You should treat them as you would using innoDB. See this article for examples of creating foreign key constraints http://blog.sqlauthority.com/2008/09/08/sql-server-%E2%80%93-2008-creating-primary-key-foreign-key-and-default-constraint/ Should I be using Varchar(255) in SQL Server? (Maybe Text, Varchar(MAX) is better) That depends on the data you plan to store in the field. Varchar max is equivalent to varchar(8000) and if you don't need varchar(255), you can always set it to a lower value like varchar(50). Using a field size that is too large has performance implications. One thing to note is that if you plan to support unicode (multilingual) data in your field, use nvarchar or nchar.",,1,815,0,0,1,0
1928,ASP:DynamicControl rendering HTML rather then displaying source,"I have a ASP dynamic scaffolding project in which I am customizing a details view. In my data source I have a few fields containing HTML and I would like to display the rendered HTML on the page rather then the source HTML as it is currently doing. The control looks like this.  I am confused on how to proceed since the default view for this control is the Text.ascx which is apparently nothing more then a literal (the same base control I use to render the HTML on my site. I am comfortable with creating a new FieldTemplate to render the HTML, but how can I force the html to render rather then display its source view.",To resolve the above issue I had to create  anew FieldTemplate HTML.ascx  HTML.cs  Then applied the UIHint for this class to the field display in the details view template.   And all was well. ,,0,998,0,0,1,1
1929,Document comparison / similarity using Whoosh Python Search Library,"How do I get a similarity measure of a document using Whoosh?  I want to create a ""Related"" feature that ranks other previously indexed documents that have a high similarity to a document.  Do I input the document as a long query string? Do I add the document to the index and extract a similarity query result somehow from there? Thanks ",The Whoosh searcher class has a method called 'more_like()'. It allows you to compare and indexed document to other indexed documents and returns a list of documents similar to the given document.  And the class whoosh.searching.Hit can give a rank and a score. ,,3,1094,1,0,0,0
1930,some none IE browsers are showing true for IE6 Browser detection,"So I'm running jQuery 1.3.2 (yep it's old and right now I can't upgrade). Problem is I'm trying to drop IE6 support for our internal site and upgrade the browser. I have this check  But during testing (some) Firefox users are seeing the  condition and should'nt be. Here are some of the User Agents that I think might be causing the issue.  UserAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; WOW64) AppleWebKit/535.7 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/16.0.912.75 Safari/535.7 UserAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2.23) Gecko/20110920 Firefox/3.6.23 UserAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 5.1) AppleWebKit/535.7 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/16.0.912.75 Safari/535.7 UserAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 6.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2.25) Gecko/20111212 Firefox/3.6.25 UserAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.9.2.12) Gecko/20101026 Firefox/3.6.12  Is there more IE6 validation I need? Note: The end user has no add-ons installed. I was thinking something like IE-Tabs could cause the issue but that's not the case UPDATE: All of the responses below lead me to this, still testing but it looks good. Any thoughs on how to improve it?  Related questions:  jQuery detect IE6 using jQuery.support NOT jQuery.browser Detecting IE6 using jQuery.support ","Thanks all to helped me find what I was looking for, maybe this might help others ",,1,676,1,0,1,1
1931,Applicatin is not Compiling for simulator,"I just got an application from net. But the problem is it is not compiling for simulator but when i add my provisioning profile and attach device and run it on device it runs fine on it. So I want to know which of the Functionality  will not allow application to  run on simulator. Application is using IN App purchase, device accelerometer. Error is ","At Last found my solution on this link.  Very strange. I encountered the same error and both the Debug and Release ""Valid Architectures"" were set to armv6 and armv7. (The same code compiles fine in Xcode 3.2.) I ended up deleting both settings, then expressly setting them to $(ARCHS_STANDARD_32_BIT) ... which in turn translates to armv6 and armv7 again ... and it compiles just fine now. No i386 needed. Hmm ...",,0,450,1,0,1,0
1932,How to use gcov for test coverage where C programs are tested using perl scripts ?,I'm currently working on gcov and I need to pointers to study gcov. Perl scripts are being used to automate testing and I need to use gcov for test coverage. Apart from the gcov documentation what are the other things I should be aware of ? How do I proceed ?,Devel::Cover has gcov support. ,,0,458,1,0,0,1
1933,how to add contents of list box to field in table?,I have a form which contains listbox which will contains links of attachment when ever user use the file dialog. Is there a way to have a field in the corresponding table to contain all the links.,you need to create a new table in the database that will contain the links because there are many links (potentially) for each row.  mainid is the id of the record that you want these links attached to. Then in the rowsource property of the listbox put a selects only those links with a mainid of the current record. In the OnCurrent event of the form you will need a   statement,,0,160,1,0,0,1
1934,phpsessid in cookie over https,"in my local WAMP server, when I call  the session-id is being set in the cookie as follows and  gives the following.  so when I call session_start() again, my previous session is resumed. but when I deployed the same code to my web-server, the PHPSESSID is not being set in the cookie. So as a result, every time I call  a new session is getting created instead of resume the previous session.  Can anyone please tell me a possible cause of the problem. Do we have to explicitly set the PHPSESSID to the cookie? Also, In my local(WAMP) I dont have https, but the web-server where I pushed the code is https. Is this a problem? I am stuck with this for almost 3 days now.  Thanks in advance. Kanna","I had called session_start() immediately after html < head > tag. This was the problem. When I moved the session_start() method before the html head tag, the problem was solved. Thanks everyone for your help. Kanna",,1,2700,1,0,1,0
1935,How to reload the parent page passing with ID value,Here is my parent page URL.  In this Page I have Add new record button. when i click this button pop up window will come I have some text boxes and dropdown list boxes. my pop up window URL is this  after I create I am closing the current Popup window. I need to load the parent page with this URL  //bvId is newly created variable ID Please can any body help me out how to load the parent window Thanks,"Quite simple, in the popup use:  This also closes the popup since the parent (opener) becomes invalid!",,0,218,1,0,1,1
1936,lost with mySQL INNER Join query,"Ok I have this query I am playing with. Which is working to a point but still not getting the exact results I'd like.  $mid being the dynamic variable. What i want to do is find on the table memb_friends the mID or friendID that match the dynamic $mid given. From that get information from the another table. memb_baseInfo. Where the mID is the foreign key of sorts. Both tables have mID as the matching variable. but in memb_friends friendID and mID are essentially one in the same as far as the memb_baseInfo table goes. My dummy data is basically my mID and 5 fake ones, 2 of which are nothing to do with me currently, and 3 which have made a friendship with me. My problem is this is only gathering information where my mID (21) has friendID but if someone has friended me and there number is the mID in the friend table then I dont get there information. Ive been trying to figure out how to do it both ways but am failing. Hopefully I made sense, anyone able to help>?","You look for the friends of 21, right? Use this: (Not tested) ",,0,124,1,0,1,1
1937,using images as radio buttons using css and jquery,"I'm trying to use one single image sprite for typical male / female radio buttons but its simply showing nothing and i'm struggling to understand why: jquery code:  The CSS I'm trying:  Finally, the html: ","It displays nothing because you are hiding the radio buttons using with , then adding some anchor tags after the radio buttons with the class  and a child div with the class . Your CSS references elements nested within an id (such as ) and not after. So there is nothing that references the  element in your CSS and the elements themselves contain no visual content - therefore you see nothing. For a quick CSS fix you could change your selectors to , for example  would become . You might also want to add  since you are nesting a  within an anchor tag. On an additional note, you should probably consider adding some text to your anchor tags as I believe screen readers will see it as an empty anchor tag (how you see it now with no visible content).",,1,2159,1,0,1,1
1938,Where I can find java version?,"When I run command ""java -version"" I can see jdk version. But where it stores physically?",I would guess/expect that the java version would be built into the executable.,,-2,328,1,0,0,0
1939,Bring DisplayObject on top in DataGroup,"I have  with custom item renderers, which can partly overlap each other. I have possibility to select these items. And I want selected item to be above others in the datagroup. But since  sets  (from left to right) to its children and we cannot change  of items explicitly, selected item is above all items to the left and under all items to the right. So, what is the way to place selected item above others? I thought of using , but may be other solutions exist. Thanks","You can use the ItemRenderer's  property to achieve this. Just set it to  when the renderer is not selected and set it to  when it is. Christophe Coenraets wrote a very clear article (with example) on this. No need for me to add anything to that. http://coenraets.org/blog/2010/01/cool-itemrenderers-made-easy-in-flex-4/ The first example is the one you want. This example uses the 'hovered' state instead of 'selected', but the idea is the same.",,0,118,1,0,1,1
1940,Ajax partial postback on selected row event,"I'm having a problem and I cannot understand why. I have a GridView and some other controls in an UpdatePanel. I'm trying to select a row by clicking anywere on it, so I'm using the following code to make the selection possible:  My problem is that the page is making full postback (the entire page is coming back from the server, not just the updatepanel).  If I'm using a simple Select command, the postback will be just partial. I compared the generated source for the page and the javascript looks identical.  Can you please tell me what am I doing wrong?","I found a solution on web, I've added to the update panel the following ",,0,1237,1,0,1,1
1941,How to have a popup window keep the same logic as the page it came from?,"I am creating a popup chat window that allows the users to pop the call script out of the page into its own window, so that they can keep that window up but also travel to other pages of the website.  I am just grabbing the html from the call script and inserting it into the popup window.  The problem is when the options are clicked, changed, whatever by the user nothing is happening bc the new window does not have the same files as its home page.  I am wondering how can I wire up or transfer logic/functionality to the new window?  For example I need to make an ajax call, which goes into a controller in a c# file within the project.  Anyone know what I'm talking about and how to do this?","One approach would be to make the popup window a ""real"" page, so that the popup renders the same page, just without a layout, and all of the 'logic' (I assume this means including javascript files?) will be included.  No copying of HTML here, you're rendering the page on the server.  I'm not familiar with C#-based frameworks/web apps, but simply passing a URL query param, like 'layout=false' is an easy way to tell your script to render a page in a ""plain"" layout.  There are likely more elegant approaches available here.  For example, in a Sinatra app (Ruby), my route could detect what type of layout to use based upon some suffix on the route.   E.g. /app/chat  vs. /app/chat.part  ... oftentimes you do this to render JSON, vs HTML, and so forth.     '.part' can be anything you want, depends on if your framework allows for this (you can always roll-your-own function to examine the request vars, not that hard). Another approach, which I've never tried, would be to embed or inject javascript in the html that gets copied into the popup window before allowing the popup to open.  Here is a SO answer related to that:  Capture new browser window open event with javascript  I think there are more advanced approaches that would include some simple Javascript in the page which downloads necessary files from the server when the popup is opened, but that seems like overkill for what you described.  My 2 cents is just use window.open, and use the query vars to tell the server what to render.  But if you're a javascript guru, by all means, get fancy.  ",,0,211,1,0,0,0
1942,Simple pagination in redis using ohm ruby library,"Hi guys I am trying to learn the sinatra framework and would like to use it as the backend for simple web services. I am also attempting to get my hands dirty with no-sequel solutions and for some reasons decided to learn to work with redis. As for the ruby library to be used I have selected Ohm since it seems like a minimal, no fuss library that I could easily use. However, looking around and researching, I cannot find sample implementation where there is pagination for Ohm. I have also read a bit and redis and I know that you can specify ranges in the query. The question is, how do I use this with the Ohm ruby library? Any help or any guide would be greatly appreciated. ",Last time I wanted that combination I found this here: https://github.com/sinefunc/pagination Otherwise use https://github.com/mislav/will_paginate whcih will not work with ohm though but you can use datamapper with redis. If you want to use mongodb you could use mongomapper which has pagination built in but then that is a completely different situation.,,0,743,1,0,0,0
1943,Multilingual site with rtl and ltr direction,How should i implement  site with two language that one language direction is rtl. should i create form-rtl.css and main-rtl.css and check user language and if user have selected a rtl language i have to add this form-rtl and main-rtl.css files after yii css files?  ,"The direction should be set in HTML (using the  attribute), since it is an inherent property of a writing system, rather than casual presentation feature. Some style settings may need to be set with due attention to directionality, so it makes sense to have separate CSS files for settings for RTL writing and for settings for LTR writing. But probably most of the CSS settings can be kept in one file. So you could have something like this for an Arabic-language page: ",,0,2090,2,0,0,1
1944,Handle stage reference of the scrollpane component,"I have created a XML driven shell where I'm calling external SWF files reading from the XML. Some of the SWFs has SCROLLPANE from the component panel of Flash is added on their respective stages. Now if I'm running those files individually, they are working fine. But it is loaded in the shell the below issue is coming.  TypeError: Error #1009: Cannot access a property or method of a null object reference.  at fl.containers::ScrollPane/setScrollDrag()  at fl.containers::ScrollPane/draw()  at fl.core::UIComponent/drawNow()  at fl.containers::BaseScrollPane/get maxVerticalScrollPosition()  at com.components::TableComp/resetAll()  at com.components::TableComp()  at TableComponent()  at flash.display::Sprite/constructChildren()  at flash.display::Sprite()  at flash.display::MovieClip()  at com::Main()  The problem I believe is with the stage reference used by the component. I usually use a Model class to handle the stage reference. But I'm unable to handle the stage reference of the component. Please help.",to have an access to stage prop of the loaded clip first it must be added into display list in main movie. So maybe the external clip aren't added with addchild or in the external movie some code are executed before the movie is loaded into stage. ( maybe the code is in c-tor).,,1,472,2,0,0,0
1945,Global variable in Silverlight?,Is it possible to access a variable throughout the application with out creating static or session or cookie variable in Silverlight? I know you can create session in WCF and access it. But I want to know is there any other way?,Nope. Global variables in Silverlight can be the following:  Static variable stored in Class Library that all libraries reference (Client Side) Write a cookie (Client Side) Demo If HTML5 based then you can write to SessionStorage or LocalStorage (Client Side) Demo A WCF service connecting to a client with the variable (Server Side) A SQL database (Linq -> SQL) contain he variable (Server Side) Demo ,,0,1868,2,0,0,0
1946,c# TreeView node path,I have a treeview with multiple nodes with the same text and quite nested inside.  I wonder how to select node and get exact path of it by index not text   Like selected is    the path is 3/2/7,"Here is a sample how it should work to get a  path from your .  Not fully tested this sample, but I should be hint for you. Hope that will solve your problem, if not please add further details to your question.",,0,999,2,0,1,1
1947,Run Servlet in ubuntu 10.10 using tomcat,I have install tomcat and jdk6 in ubuntu 10.10. I tried to create servlets in var/www folder but when i run them using browser with address localhost:8080/ but it reply that you do not have permission to access index.html on this server. So can any one help me out....,Start with a good tutorial: http://www.cs.wcupa.edu/~rkline/Ubuntu/tomcat.html You absolutely need to do just a bit more than put a .jsp file in your Apache root folder. Eclipse can help you out big time - I'd encourage you to try it (per the above tutorial). Good luck!,,1,803,2,0,0,0
1948,Facebook Feed Dialog - setting the Privacy dropdown,"When using the Facebook's Feed Dialog, example:  Is it possible to set the privacy dropdown (the one left of the Share button) to default to Public? And how? (Note: it is OK if the user then changes the dropdown manually)","I think this will do it:   and change the default setting for activity.  Supposedly this works for both activity as well as feed posts.  Never tried it, but it seems to be the way. Also the user will have an option to change it during authentication (IIRC) as well as after the fact they can change the settings of the application via http://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=applications",,0,1169,2,0,1,1
1949,undefined local variable or method `index' for #<Bundler::Definition,"Every thing was working fine and once I logout and login back to my system, nothing works for Rails 3.1 on my system. On every app it throws the same error:  I am stuck and can't figure out what the issue is.",Just updated to  gem and every things works perfectly fine.   I think there was some issue with previous bundler gem version with Rails3.1 ,,1,483,2,0,1,1
1950,final variable in android programming,"This is the code I am  using in android programming  But i always get an error:  Even after I declare the pass1 as final, I get the following error:  But why is this error coming and how can I remove it? I have been encountering it many times.","You have to declare edit text globally. The reason for this is in your activity class you have a method called ""onCreate"" where you declared the Edit text ""pass1"" and you trying to define by another pre defined method ""setOnClickListener"". This is not possible. So you have to declare it globally or as final.  ",1.0,0,3876,2,0,1,0
1951,working on how to display a map view in Iphone,"I can display the map view for specific location. However, I dont know how to zoom in or out in simulator. Please any one how to do it, advice me. Thanks","When you hold down the Alt/Option key while in the simulator, you can do two-finger gestures such as pinch zooming and  rotating.",,0,50,2,0,0,0
1952,How do I change the color of the axes of a matplotlib 3D plot?,"I have set  The color of the axes labels and the ticks are properly set both in 2D and in 3D.  However, the  doesn't apply to 3D axes and they remain black.  Likewise, the grid isn't affected. I think figured out how to access the individual axes of a 3D plot:  The documentation mentions a property that we can use until the developers have finished refactoring their 3D code:  However, the color parameter changes the color of the background of the axes planes (between the wired of the grid), not the color of the edges of these planes. Am I digging too deep ?","Turns out it's impossible since these values are hard-coded.  This archived email from the matplotlib-users mailing list helped me.  Here's the relevant part:  Unfortunately, you have stumbled upon one of the ugliness of the mplot3d   implementation.  I am hoping to have more control available for the next   release.  But right now, there is no way to turn off the axes spines   (because they aren't implemented as spines).  If you really want to dig into   the source code, you could change the color argument to the Line2D call in   the init3d() method in matplotlib/lib/mpl_toolkits/axis3d.py  Although this answer was addressing another concern, it sent me to the direction of .  I found it in .  I made a backup of the original  and I moved  away. Since the code is pretty short and fairly well written it didn't take long to locate the two lines I had to change.  To change the color of the edges of the individual axes, I modified the  in : just replace  by  for a horribly flashy red.  Components of the tuple are red, green, blue, alpha, all floats from 0 to 1. To change the color of the grid, I modified the  method.  I replaced the color  by something of my choosing.  And that's it, it just works.  Not the most convenient, but it's not more work than editing a rc configuration file. I did not recreate a  file.  It does not recreate itself because I do not run my python code as root.  I don't mind the extra milliseconds that python needs to recompile the  each time.",1.0,1,3715,2,0,1,1
1953,How do I get data (and an event) from a thread into the main service (UI) thread's event loop?,I have an async task which runs in a separate  of my . I'd like to get the result of this task back into the main UI thread and wake up the main UI thread to deal with it. What's the best way of doing this?,"The correct way of doing this with an  is to return the result back to the UI thread in the  method. There are tons of examples of  implementations on Stack Overflow so I'm not going to link to any of them. If you would like an example specifically tailored to your , include the relevant code in your question.",1.0,0,84,2,0,1,1
1954,Pushing a view in Storyboard,"I am trying to use Table Views and navigation controllers. This is the code I would use if I was using NIB files. This piece of code would work fine if I was using NIB files, but I decided to try storyboard -   I have created another scene in storyboard and have everything set up out there. When a user clicks a cell in this Table View they will be taken to that scene. This is what I wrote for the code but it is not right and I'm hopelessly stuck :(  -  Answer - Answers 2 and 3 are both right","I had a very similar problem 2 days ago, with the user selecting the disclosure accessory on a row and wanting to invoke a segue. What worked for me:  In storyboard, create segue ""articleView"" from the entire tableView controller (not the cell) to the next viewController.   Add the following method to your tableViewController:       Just for you I also tested with tableView:didSelectRowAtIndexPath: and it works. Enjoy, Damien",2.0,1,4764,2,0,1,1
1955,Difficulty in deciding where to put the code in yii view helper,"I'm new to yii development.  In my system I'm trying to create a submenu system. The submenu will be shown based on the  controller. The submenu will be separate views, that I'll load in main layout.  I want to separate the logic of loading the submenu view from the main layout. But, I'm not sure where to write it.  Does Yii has view helpers like in RoR. Or, should I write it as a component?  Please give suggestions. Thanks.","I'd just create a component for this, and instantiate that with the relevant menu options from the controllers. If present in all controllers, implement support in a BaseController and just set up an array of items in the child controllers.",,1,689,2,0,0,0
1956,Parsing HTML - Only showing one item not the list," I am trying to get the list of Popular Destinations, the Names of the places, below is the part which I am interested in. I am able with the code above to get the first place - Amex Stadium. But it's not displaying anymore than that.  ","Your selections is wrong. The statement  only selects  and since there is only one such DIV you only get one place. You should change it to:  and then use:  Notice, I removed  from this latter selection.",,-1,35,0,0,1,1
1957,Server returns blank page and 200 OK,our server on certain POST requests is returning a blank page with status code 200. There is no PHP error. Problem reamains even if I manualy clear $_POST array. How you got any ideas? Configutation: nginx symfony 2.3.20 PHP 5.4.33-1~dotdeb.1 W also have varnish but problem remains after varnish shutdown. Error reporting in on with option E_ALL,Answering to my own question. Indeed it was a PHP error - memory limit exhousted. It turned out when I binded to php cgi process via strace. Nginx did not return 500 status code. It did not even view fatal errors and log them (despite error_reporting = On with E_ALL). I don`t know why. I will ask another question about that.,,1,1682,0,0,0,0
1958,Reading json result while having bad request answer with ajax,"I'd like to send an error to the user via ajax, if he don't fill the form properly.  This is how I send the answer to the browser via ajax:  And this is my jquery script:  I can see the message using firebug console but I don't know how to get the variable containing my error :/ Any suggestion please? Thanks",Thanks everybody. I guess I've found the solution. To access message value: ,,0,65,0,0,1,1
1959,Wordpress: Show a List of Custom Type Posts in Post View,"On the single post page I need to be able to display a list of five of the latest posts from a certain custom post type. It should work something like a changelog. They need to be displayed in this format:  In general I know what to look for and how to do it by editing the theme, but I'm wondering if there is any plugin or combination of plugins that will help me accomplish this easier than editing the theme files? I'm not lazy about doing that, but I need to do it on many new wordpress sites that need to be built fast and I don't have the time to edit every wordpress theme manually. Here is a practical example for this: There is a post on the site about a certain online software which is popular and gets traffic. A changelog has to be displayed in the post which needs regular updates. So the admin of the site can simply enter the new changelog in a sentence, click publish and it will show in the post about the software and thus create a list with change logs. Thanks!",you can use the following code ,,0,46,0,0,1,1
1960,"Redirect http server request in Dart, but uri.host is blank","I've got:  But line 2 returns blank. According to the notes for :  UPDATE: This is the case locally and on server, tested with Chrome.",This properly returns the hostname:  Why does this work whereas  does not?,,0,258,0,0,1,1
1961,Angularjs push overwriting scope array,"Every time someone clicks on an answer and thus executes data-ng-click=""addAnswer(questionId, 0)"" the $scope.answers array gets overwritten. I am unsure why it is doing this. Is it because every time the new template is loaded into  the $scope gets reset? If so, that wasn't the behaviour I had expected. Thank you for any assistance. index.html (abbreviated)  test-yourself.html  app.js  controller.js ","You will need to create a service to keep track of the anwers, yes you are correct when the route changes answers array will be overwritten. ",,0,1032,0,0,1,1
1962,How to retrieve data from multiple host database table in php and mysql,"We have a two database connection, which is given below,  Here, Host and Database are remote.  If i use $link1 in mysqli_query, the error is showing  If i use $link2,  Normally, separately two remote database connection and retrieving data is ok(it works perfectly) But the problem is showing when i would like to retrieve data to join two remote host database.   Actually, How can i get data from the query which two connection will work at same time.  How to set the two database connection link in mysqli_query  Pleas any help? ","You can use FEDERATED storage engine in MySQL. At First , You have to enable FEDERATED storage engine. You have to go my.ini file in MySQL and open it.  Comment it  the #skip-federated instead of skip-federated.  The word ""federated"" copy to paste after [mysqld]  like below  A table create in your local server same as your remote server table and add connection in last   since your two table is remote host, you can create two federated table. I hope that You can do your work perfectly.  You can visit it. http://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/5.1/en/federated-create-connection.html",2.0,-1,2528,1,0,1,1
1963,How do I bring a single function into the current namespace?,Suppose I want to use the  function in my namespace . How would I do this?  Is there a way of doing this?,"You can ""import"" individual symbols by naming them in a  declaration:  This means that  is defined and designates the same function as ; so attempts to look up  in  will find the intended function. (This is an Answer version of Brandon's comment on the original post)",,1,81,1,0,1,1
1964,Split stings using REGEX in javascript,"I'm trying to parse string into 5 parts. For example:   But the problem is, I can't parse the strings containing slash in the middle of words For example,    What is the correct regex to parse the word ? I tried these but failed. , , ",You could use a negative lookahead to not to split according to  when it is followed by a word character. ,,0,43,1,0,1,1
1965,Is it possible to install Ack on windows without network?,"I use two PC for work, one can access internet, the other one can not, it's for development. I want to install Ack for better use VIM on the development PC. Is there a Installer for Ack or other ways can install it without network?  PC are both Windows. Thanks.","The single-file version of ack is available at http://beyondgrep.com/install/.  You can download that one file on an Internet-connected computer, transfer it over to your non-Internet computer, and put it somewhere in your Windows path.  I wish I could be more specific on what to do. You will have to have Perl installed on the machine, however, since ack requires Perl. You may want to post to the ack-users mailing list and get some tips there: https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/ack-users",1.0,1,37,1,0,0,0
1966,Only print a-m and A-M lines,"I would like to only print lines at only consist of  and , but in the below example I also get the first line, which I shouldn't as it contains .  Question How do I only print lines that just contains  and ?","You have to add  anchor to your regex:  Working demo  Since your regex is  it matches  in your text, that's why it prints the line that contains it: ",,0,39,1,0,1,1
1967,Sitecore Rocks shows no template info,"I recently installed Sitecore Rocks (1.2.6.0) into Visual Studio 2012 and connected it to my existing Sitecore 6.5 instance. I can see all my objects in the master database, but when I hover over them, the ""Template"" value is blank, and the ""Template ID"" is {00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000}. Am I missing a step in order to get the template information into Rocks?",As far as it seems you are using the Good Old Web Service to connect to the Sitecore Service which won't provide you with template information. To resolve the issue you should start using the new Hard Rock Web Service when you try to connect to your Sitecore Instance. Keep in mind that that the Hard Rock Web Service requires .NET CLR v4.0 and Sitecore 6.5 runs on v2.0 by default. Tested this on my local and everything seems to work fine on a Sandbox Instance.,,2,308,1,0,0,0
1968,Logback appender rolling policy without a maxIndex value?,"I need to make sure one of my appenders never deletes any of the log files that it creates. Is there a way to rollover a file without setting a max number of log files allowed? If I leave out the , does it default to some internal  value?","There is only one logback-RollingPolicy which uses the , and that is the . It is specifically designed to limit the amount of old files kept on the system and the upper bound for  is 20. The solution to keeping files indefinitely is simple then: Use a different RollingPolicy A good candidate would be the TimeBasedRollingPolicy. It will allow you to - for example - roll over your logfile every day, possibly with compression. And so long as you do not specify the optional  property, it will never delete any of your archived logs.",,1,2653,1,0,1,1
1969,How do I get a CR/LF when setting textContent?,"How do I get a CR/LF when setting textContent? I've tried a couple things (below) but these do not work. The  has no effect, the  is displayed literally. ","You can't, as far as I know. You can do it with  though: ",,0,83,1,0,1,1
1970,Player Movement (Jump issue),"So, im trying to implement the keys that triggers the movement of the main character  in a game. here is my code:  the variables:  the render stuff (note that I have a java class named InputController for the setInputProcessor, it extends InputAdapter and it gots certain keys set for Down and Up states):  Here is where the camera is set to an certain zoom  the stuff to be in the screen:  here is where i defined the objects of my scene, the ground and the player:  here is the part where a certain key trigger the movements  other libGDX stuff  } The code is working. The character moves left and right at a linear velocity. But it doesn't jump very high and when it's falling it falls very slow. How can fix this? Thanks!","Well... I´ve never used libgdx but been reading on how to implement the jump here http://obviam.net/index.php/getting-started-in-android-game-development-with-libgdx-tutorial-part-3-jumping-gravity-and-movement/ and checking your code for the physics you´ve added. I see you´ve got too much friction (as .5 or so) so the sprite should fall appearing to be floating. And jumps at 5 meters/second while gravity stands for 9.8m/second^2 in the world constructor so it will slow down in just one second not countin, again, the drag of the friction you´ve added... So, remove the friction, imagine, like in the tutorial.",1.0,0,146,1,0,1,0
1971,get pairwise sums of multiple columns in dataframe,"I have a dataframe that looks like this:   I am trying to get the sums of columns  &  and & in another data frame that should look like:  I've tried the  function but it returns the sum of ALL the columns per row, and I tried  but nothing works. Please help!!","You can use  on a column subset.   As a data frame:  As  a matrix:  For a wider data frame, you can also use  over a list of column subsets.  For all pairwise column combinations: ",,1,1472,1,0,1,1
1972,Shallow/Deep copy in python,From my understanding of deep/shallow copying. Shallow copying assigns a new identifier to point at the same object.  Deep copying creates a new object with equivalent value :  My confusion is if  creates a shallow copy and the copy.copy() function also creates a shallow copy of the object then:  why it is creating a new object if it is supposed to be a shallow copy?,"A shallow copy creates a new list object and copies across all the references contained in the source list. A deep copy creates new objects recursively. You won't see the difference with just immutable contents. Use nested lists to see the difference:  A new copy of the outer list was created, but the contents of the original and the copy are still the same objects.  The deep copy doesn't share contents with the original; the  list has been recursively copied as well.",1.0,1,1488,1,0,1,1
1973,Create Databases Dynamically with Google Cloud SQL and PHP,"I am trying to have a database created for each user that signs up for my web app. This database will be based on a template to store their data. The problem I'm running into is that  doesn't seem to be creating the Database via  and  queries. Connecting to the Instance works fine and triggers no errors based on this code:  However, when I go to create a simple database,  fails without an error...:  The output of this is simply:  Am I missing something? How do I create a  in a  instance via ? Thanks for any input. Can anyone confirm that this can actually be done on GAE PHP and Cloud SQL?",It seems the  variable was actually  despite not throwing an error. This worked for me though: I connected to an existing :  Then I created a new :   Then used  to select the newly created .  ,,1,247,1,0,1,1
1974,01 Knapsack Using single dimension array for storing intermediate solutions,"I have read couple of solutions to 01 Knapsack problem online. Each one of them is trying to store the solution for sub-problem chosen weights from 0..i and total weight w, when total weight is W. So basically they require a 2D array to store solutions to sub-problem. My question is why they are solving the problem for  a set of weights and thus adding another dimension. I am posting my solution which iterates over all available weights and build up the solution till the weight of knapsack. This requires using only a single dimension array. Am I missing some thing here. I am pasting my code below.  }","Your code is not correct because you can pick the same item twice(or more times). Here is an example:    The correct answer is 3, but your code returns 4(it picks the first item twice).  It is actually possible to implement this algorithm using one-dimensional array, but it requires different order of loops: The outer loop should iterate over items and the inner loop should iterate over weights from  down to .",1.0,0,349,1,0,1,1
1975,C++ storing static methods of classes in unordered_map,"I have a base class  and I want to populate an  with subclasses of  (, , ) such that I can iterate through the map and call static methods , ,  in succession. How should I populate the ?","There are two approaches.   The hard way: As static functions are not virtual, you would have to store a  of ,  and .    When you iterate through your , you may then identify the type of the object, and call the static member of the correct type.  You do this by using a visitor class that defines an operation overloaded fo reach type in the variant.   It works, but it's rarther tedious considering what you want to do.  In fact, you don't take any advantage of  inheritance and polymorphism here.   The smart way: The easier way would be to have a virtual member Runnable::vrun() that calls the approporiate static run() of each Runnable subclass.  Then you could simply iterate through your unorderd map, and call the virtual function:  the object would then call the correct static member.   ",,1,133,1,0,1,1
1976,UIActivityViewController completionHandler replacement,"I am using  and recently learned that the  is deprecated on ios8 Can anyone explain this change, is using the completeionHandler a bad design ? And is there another way to achieve this functionality ? It is crucial for me to know when the  was closed, since i want to present another popup afterwards and in the iphone opening a new popup while the previous is still open result in a crush. I suppose i can set a timer in my custom activity before i call and assume 1 second later it is safe to open a popup but this is obviously the wrong way to work. ",Se this answer by : You just need to use the new handler : ,2.0,2,3219,1,0,1,1
1977,doctrine2 criteria - like operator,i use doctrine2 in zf2 as orm. i have a query builder object to which add doctrine criteria instance. i would obtain like operator in where condition. for this i use following  i get Unknown comparison operator: CONTAINS if use  no exception throw but it isn't result that i want,ok the problem is the version of module.  i update module with composer in this way ,,3,1516,1,0,1,1
1978,How to get the compiled content of an Angular directive?,"I want to get rendered content inside an Angular directive. Here is my code: Javascript:  HTML:  So, but when I run it, I only get """" in alert box ps: I tried to follow this answer but it doesn't work to ",You should try to get directive content from the compile function. For example: ,,1,118,1,0,1,1
1979,virtual directory asp redirector for php app necessary?,"I created a virtual directory for my php app. Now I get the ""Directory Listing Denied This Virtual Directory does not allow contents to be listed."" Do I need to make some kind of dummy index.asp file that redirects (OR PREFERRED: just displays index.php)  or how to solve this? I have restricted access to webserver, but index.php is set to be default ","Assuming you are using IIS, you probably need to add index.php as a default index file.  Go to Start Menu -> Settings -> Control Panel -> Administrative Tools or possibly Start -> Control Panel -> Performance and Maintenance -> Administrative Tools Double-click ""Internet Information Services"" or ""IIS"" In the tree on the left, open up the folder for the web server computer, then locate the entry for the website you want to configure Right-click that website and select ""Properties"" Click the ""Documents"" tab Make sure ""Enable Default Document"" is checked Click ""Add"" Enter index.php and click ""OK"" Click ""OK"" again ",,0,210,0,0,0,0
1980,Some question of object property name in Actionscript3,"A.as  B.as  And this is test code.  I expected that result will be true, true, false but real result is false, false, true. Why?","For some reason, changing the line to  works, although the parenthesis will still need to be there. I have not been able to find a reason as to why this is the case though. It is definitely a bug though. At first I thought it was a problem with the parser stumbling over the dot or something, but after some more tests it seems not to be the case:  package {     public class A     {         public var someObject:Object = {             (C.b[""SOME_CONST""]): { value: 10 }         };     } } package {     public class B     {         public static const SOME_CONST:String = ""someStringConst"";     } } package {     public class C     {         public static var b:Class = B;     } }  If it had been a problem with the parser, it would resolve to  and thus an runtime exception. However, the code works as expected without problems.  So this is really interesting.",2.0,0,57,0,0,1,1
1981,mtrace + MALLOC_TRACE - disable buffering,how can I disable buffering on  and output file with name from  ?? the mtrace is started as: ,Hey. Just write youself an another mtrace-like plugin and install it using .,1.0,0,530,0,0,1,1
1982,FacesMessages and rich:effect?,"I'd like to be able to make an Ajax call using JSF/Seam/RichFaces and have the page update with the relevant h:messages component.  That works with no problem.  I'm able to perform the appropriate reRender.  However, I'd also like to be able to make use of rich:effect to make it a bit prettier.  Ideally, I'd like to be able to have the messages fade in and then disappear when the user clicks on them.  However, I've been unable to get this working thus far. Has anyone gotten such a scenario working?  Does anyone who knows JSF/Seam a bit better than me have any good advice?  Thanks in advance!","Thanks for your suggestion, Damo.  I tried it and it worked with no problem.  Additionally, I was able to solve it using rich:effect.  Here's what I came up with:  Once I did this, everything worked as expected.",,1,2040,0,0,0,1
1983,What is the best C++ Mail library used to read EML file / Outlook MSG file?,We have to develop an in-house mail app. Please let me know what the best CPP library used to read EML file and Outlook MSG file?,"EML is basically the same as MHT; it's a plain text format which you can parse yourself, and I believe the WebBrowser control can also display the contents of an EML/MHT.  MSG is a binary MAPI format. You can use the MAPI libraries to deal with these (Windows only). For more information on how to deal with that, see this page.",,1,2078,0,0,0,0
1984,Collapse toggle not working with Twitter Bootstrap accordion,"I'm trying to get my sidebar of 4 links to include the bottom link as a collapsable link. I.e, when the bottom link is active, it should have two additional 'sub-links' beneath it. When the user clicks back to any of the first 3 links, the bottom (4th) link should be collapsed & not show the 2 aforementioned sub-links. Any help on how to get this working is much appreciated. My code is as follows:  APPLICATION.JS FILE ","Ok, so i ditched bootstrap collapse stuff & the javascript and just did a basic rails'if' statement on the 4th list item (on the 'demo' div i mention above)...looked somethin' like this:  Not sure if its the best way to go about it but it does what's needed.",,1,772,0,0,1,1
1985,Create dynamic sitemap from URL with Ruby on Rails,"I am currently working on an application where I scrape information from a number of different sites. To get the deeplink for the desired topic on a site I rely on the sitemap that is provided (e.g. ""Forum""). As I am expanding I came across some sites that don't provide a sitemap themselves, so I was wondering if there was any way to generate it within Rails from the top level domain? I am using Nokogiri and Mechanize to retrieve data, so if there is any functionality that could help to tackle that task it would be easier to integrate.",This can be done with the Spidr gem like so: ,,0,668,0,0,0,1
1986,Double for loop variable initialization,What are the ramifications for the different placement of my variable initialization shown below? Bit of a slow night mentally :/     ,"Of course there will be differences. The first version creates a new set for each iteration of the inner loop, whereas the second version will create a single set for each iteration of the outer loop. To put it another way: the second version will create a set that will be shared between all iterations of the inner loop, whereas the first version creates a new set each time, and all data added to the set will be lost. I can't tell for sure without seeing the rest of the code, but it's almost certain that one of the two versions is wrong (it all depends on what you actually want to do.)",,0,117,0,0,1,0
1987,in Windows Phone 8 I need to know the distance between two locations,"In Windows Phone 8 when i have a longitude and latitude for a specific location, how can i calculate the distance between my device and this specific location. I need a message box to be shown and say to user that is 2 km between you and this specific point.","When you want to calculate the distance, you best use the GeoCoordinate class. It has a method called GetDistanceTo that will give you the distance from the used GeoCoordinate to a given other GeoCoordinate. Details on MSDN here http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/system.device.location.geocoordinate.getdistanceto(v=vs.110).aspx",,0,549,0,0,0,0
1988,"Requirejs with Backbonejs - ""use strict"" throw error","I am developing a application using Backbone.Marionette, I am loading the files using RequireJs, I decide to use the strict mode for my app, so I declared  ""use strict"" on the function. But I am getting error like this:  when i remove the ""use strict"" from function it all works fine.  here is my function:  What is wrong here? how to fix this issue or how to apply strict mode to my function?",If you add this to your main or config file you can then use the window as a dependency. ,0.0,-2,401,0,0,1,1
1989,Borland C++ Typecast overrides - Why Ambiguity?,"I have the following Enum definition:  My class uses this enum the following way:  With the main function:  It compiles with MS VC++ 2010 fine, but Borland XE2 and XE3 tells me the following:  I guess it could be ambigous - but on the other hand the left side argument is of type MyEnum and it is kind of straight forward to make the enum cast rather than the boolean cast of the class. (As Visual Studio does) If I swap the arguments (class1 == VALUE0) the problem still persists.  It is possible to modify the line to:   And it would compile, but in that case I would have to go over the whole giant project and ""correct"" every use of the class - which is not a very good idea since this is our ""error variable"", it is used excessively.  There must be a more elegant way making this compile. Anyone has an idea?","Answer on behalf of tebe: Since I cannot post the conclusive answer that is more clear to me, I post my thoughts here: Solution is to overload the global  for MyEnum and MyClass arguments. ",,0,238,0,0,1,1
1990,fuelphp : setting conditions for has_many orm,"Trying to set conditions for has_many orm on fuelphp, but this is not working I'm just having all the related invitations back when I try to get only the ongoing ones, here is how the has_many look like, any suggestions ? ",You will want to update your fuel install to the latest 1.8/develop as this issue was reported recently and fixed. There was a bug in the query builder that was causing the value  to be translated to an empty string when used in join queries. The issue was reported here: http://fuelphp.com/forums/discussion/13081/how-to-set-conditions-to-_has_many And fixed here: https://github.com/fuel/core/commit/f708cc36e55177fc411bfe1c884bc321a24a14bd,,0,436,0,0,1,1
1991,How to escape square brackets in racket,I am trying to parse some function to (let([x 1]) x) but racket read [ as (. Is there any simple way that I can keep it []? this is what returns when I try to escape with backslash[ backslash]:  what I want is: ,"If you are using the read-syntax primitive, then the parentheses within the parsed data structure have a paren-shape property that will tell you if they were square or not. For example:  So the syntax data structure can remember that the square brackets are there.",,1,215,1,0,1,1
1992,Use regex to skip a word,I am using sublime to list all my .js files in my application but I want to use regex to show only the files that are not minified. I want files returned that are [NOT].min[/NOT].js I am using [^(\.min)]\.js and it appears to work but am not sure if it is going to miss any files. Is there a better piece of regex to use here?  I thought the following would work but it returns all .js ,"instead of doing it the  way , do it as a positive search.  is what you have done. this will not match any file ending in js which have  or  or  in them. check it . Use a regex like this .  demo here : http://regex101.com/r/rJ1jN3",1.0,1,800,1,0,1,1
1993,Flash Pro project file corrupted after a crash,"I was editing a project with Flash CS6, before the crash everything was fully edited and saved correctly. However there was a crash when I was away for lunch break. After a crash, I tried to open the project file again, everything loads, but settings are corrupted. Especially for Publish Profile: Target. Originally this was set to 11.4, and now is blank. Even I try to select 11.4 it will reset back to blank. All my TLF texts become invisible. When I try to create new TLF text, it says publish profile must set to target 10 or above, but there is no way I can set it (keep resetting back to blank). Another thing that happen is there r a lot of compilation error. Before the crash, no compilation error at all. Some of the compilation error after the crash:  Is there anyway you can recover this project file?? Thank you for all the help.","Umm, I fixed this issue by repair the Fla file with WinRAR and removed file ""PublishSettings.xml"" inside the fla. PublishSettings.xml does not even seems to be contain anything useful, but I guess this was the problem.",,1,398,1,0,1,0
1994,Calling a WebAPI asynchronously from a Xamarin.Android event handler deadlocks,"I've been struggling with this issue for a while and it's now time for me to ask my question here. So, here's the situation: I've got a WebAPI, a Xamarin.Android application and an IdentityServer4 implementation. The Xamarin.Android app needs to call the WebAPI to get a list of users based on a search. This is done via an async call in a TextChanged event handler. What happens is that when the call to the WebAPI is awaited, it never returns and at some point the task gets cancelled. I've tried using ConfigureAwait(false), I've made the event handler method async void, I've read through several other questions on here about similar issues - none of the options work for me. But here's some code for you to get an idea of what I've doing: The TextChanged handler:  Here's the UsersApiClient implementation:  The deadlock happens on the GetStringAsync() call. I've tested the call that it makes via Postman and it is giving me the correct response. Only things I haven't tried yet are implementing the ITextWatcher interface instead of adding an event handler, and changing the code so I don't use a separate method but rather an anonymous delegate - I read in some places that that could prove to be an issue.  I'm really hoping some of you can help me in resolving this issue and making me understand how to do such asynchronous calls correctly.  Best regards.","Okay, so I'm not really sure what fixed the issue, but here's what I did - there was another StackOverflow question with a similar problem where the problem was solved with uninstalling the app from the emulator manually before redeploying it. I also removed the ConfigureAwait(false) call. And suddenly, everything's working. Not sure how it happened, but here it is - uninstalling the app manually and calling the API without the ConfigureAwait(false) did it.",0.0,1,343,0,0,1,0
1995,how to use c/c++ module with nginx,"I'm trying to build a web server with nginx. My PC is a Mac OS so I just . It works well. I can execute  which is located at  to start the server. Also, when I visit , I can get the main page, which is located at . However, I can't find any source code of nginx. So I download its source code from here. Now I'm confused. I don't know how to organize my project. For example, for this hello world, it just need . It seems that it could use the source code of nginx as a c standard library. How can I do the same thing? Where should I put my developed module?","These two seems like very good starting point to me: http://www.evanmiller.org/nginx-modules-guide.html http://nutrun.com/weblog/2009/08/15/hello-world-nginx-module.html I haven't made any modules myself, but when I searched for one of my own problem solution I found the above links and these looks promising to me. I will update you any progress I made during my experiment. And if you have already made any progress, please do share.",1.0,0,832,0,0,1,0
1996,nginx rewrite cuts of download file,Having this config  this should trigger the download and put some statistics into database. All files are cutted off after a few bytes. If I trigged directly   everything works. How the rewrite has to be configured to work? Update now checked the content of the downloaded file. It is the php script which should server the file instead the zip file.,Solve the issue by changing the nginx server conf like this  now it works,,0,206,0,0,1,1
1997,Rotate markers in plotly,"I am trying to plot a trajectory of a fly. It consists of x,y, theta(heading)  and a timestamp. I am plotting a scatter of all the points and the triangle marker's orientation conveys the heading. What I need here is to rotate the marker based on the theta value. But I am unable to find any way of doing that in plotly. I can't just use the  in the scatter markers, I need the entire range of 0-360 in float. I can do this in bokeh, but I have other issues regarding interactivity which plotly manages better.  ",You can alter the shape of Plotly's markers by changing their path attribute. The points for each trace can be accessed  and you can then set the path attribute as shown below. Each marker is overwritten with a triangle which is rotated based on the vector to the next point. Alternatively you could add the same paths as  in layout but then you can't toggle the traces.  Toggling works for this snippet but when the first trace is hidden the orientation is taken from the wrong trace.        ,1.0,0,955,0,0,0,1
1998,WSO2 DAS Toolings,I'm currently trying out wso2 DAS and I'm looking for the tooling for eclipse (Mars) as I'm already using it for ESB and registry. I didn't figure out how to get it on wso2 website. Is someone using it or is this not existing at all? Thanks,There is no tool as such for deployment.,,0,30,0,0,0,0
1999,"Received activation link by email but when clicked, it displays an error","Registration sends an activation mail. However, when I click on it, it displays an error as shown below:   ",,,0,46,0,0,0,1
